entailment	()	()	()	()	When Ms. Winfrey invited Suzanne Somers to share her controversial views about bio-identical hormone treatment on her syndicated show in 2009 , it won Ms. Winfrey a rare dollop of unflattering press , including a Newsweek cover story titled '' Crazy Talk : Oprah , Wacky Cures & You . ''	When Ms. Winfrey invited Suzanne Somers to share her controversial views about bio-identical hormone treatment on her syndicated show before 2010 , it won Ms. Winfrey a rare dollop of unflattering press , including a Newsweek cover story titled '' Crazy Talk : Oprah , Wacky Cures & You . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	When Ms. Winfrey invited Suzanne Somers to share her controversial views about bio-identical hormone treatment on her syndicated show in 2009 , it won Ms. Winfrey a rare dollop of unflattering press , including a Newsweek cover story titled '' Crazy Talk : Oprah , Wacky Cures & You . ''	When Ms. Winfrey invited Suzanne Somers to share her controversial views about bio-identical hormone treatment on her syndicated show after 2009 , it won Ms. Winfrey a rare dollop of unflattering press , including a Newsweek cover story titled '' Crazy Talk : Oprah , Wacky Cures & You . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	If no candidate wins an absolute majority , there will be a runoff between the top two contenders , most likely in mid-October .	If no candidate wins an absolute majority , there will be a runoff between the top two contenders , most likely after mid-October .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The CBO estimates that only 23 percent of that would be spent in 2009 and 2010 .	The CBO estimates that only 23 percent of that would be spent before 2010 and 2010 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The CBO estimates that only 23 percent of that would be spent in 2009 and 2010 .	The CBO estimates that only 23 percent of that would be spent after 2009 and 2010 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	There have been some exceptions -- such as Medicare in 1965 .	There have been some exceptions -- such as Medicare before 1966 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	There have been some exceptions -- such as Medicare in 1965 .	There have been some exceptions -- such as Medicare after 1965 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Rose has pledged to split his controversial double role as chief executive and chairman by 2011 , although he will come under pressure from shareholders at next week 's annual meeting to bring this forward by a year .	Rose has pledged to split his controversial double role as chief executive and chairman by 2011 , although he will come under pressure from shareholders after next week 's annual meeting to bring this forward by a year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Cobham is developing only its fourth generation of refuelling equipment since 1934 .	Cobham is developing only its fourth generation of refuelling equipment since 1936 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Cobham is developing only its fourth generation of refuelling equipment since 1934 .	Cobham is developing only its fourth generation of refuelling equipment before 1934 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	U.S. Border Patrol Chief David V. Aguilar released the data to the Senate Judiciary subcommittee on immigration , refugees and border security , noting that the number of Border Patrol agents has more than doubled from 9,000 in 2001 to a projected 20,000 by September .	U.S. Border Patrol Chief David V. Aguilar released the data to the Senate Judiciary subcommittee on immigration , refugees and border security , noting that the number of Border Patrol agents has more than doubled from 9,000 before 2002 to a projected 20,000 by September .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	U.S. Border Patrol Chief David V. Aguilar released the data to the Senate Judiciary subcommittee on immigration , refugees and border security , noting that the number of Border Patrol agents has more than doubled from 9,000 in 2001 to a projected 20,000 by September .	U.S. Border Patrol Chief David V. Aguilar released the data to the Senate Judiciary subcommittee on immigration , refugees and border security , noting that the number of Border Patrol agents has more than doubled from 9,000 after 2001 to a projected 20,000 by September .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Eriksson helped Sweden win a bronze medal at this year 's world championships and is a candidate for the 2010 Vancouver Olympic team .	Eriksson helped Sweden win a bronze medal after this year 's world championships and is a candidate for the 2010 Vancouver Olympic team .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	That was a key reason the unemployment rate fell so far in December . ''	That was a key reason the unemployment rate fell so far before january . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That was a key reason the unemployment rate fell so far in December . ''	That was a key reason the unemployment rate fell so far after December . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The number includes almost 90,000 Eastern Europeans in the last year alone , although separate figures show a downward trend in recent months .	The number includes almost 90,000 Eastern Europeans after the last year alone , although separate figures show a downward trend in recent months .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The military denied having fired at anybody in that area , however , and local Palestinians said the boy had been missing since Monday , raising questions about whether he could have been the victim of internal violence .	The military denied having fired at anybody in that area , however , and local Palestinians said the boy had been missing before Monday , raising questions about whether he could have been the victim of internal violence .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He won a second five-year term in July with promises of economic growth , political reform and good governance .	He won a second five-year term before august with promises of economic growth , political reform and good governance .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He won a second five-year term in July with promises of economic growth , political reform and good governance .	He won a second five-year term after July with promises of economic growth , political reform and good governance .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The pile-up occurred shortly before 11 p.m. Acute mountain sickness affects people at high altitudes .	The pile-up occurred shortly before 10 p.m. Acute mountain sickness affects people at high altitudes .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The pile-up occurred shortly before 11 p.m. Acute mountain sickness affects people at high altitudes .	The pile-up occurred shortly before 12 p.m. Acute mountain sickness affects people at high altitudes .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The pile-up occurred shortly before 11 p.m. Acute mountain sickness affects people at high altitudes .	The pile-up occurred shortly at 11 p.m. Acute mountain sickness affects people at high altitudes .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The MoD was also concerned that MoD police could not ensure the safety of protesters from attacks by local residents , which had happened in the past , he said .	The MoD was also concerned that MoD police could not ensure the safety of protesters from attacks by local residents , which had happened after the past , he said .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Robert and Tonya Harris matched all five numbers plus the Mega Ball in Friday night 's drawing , the only such ticket in the multistate game .	Robert and Tonya Harris matched all five numbers plus the Mega Ball after Friday night 's drawing , the only such ticket in the multistate game .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	For those aged 5 to 9 , rates of death fell 27 percent to 14.5 deaths per 100,000 in 2005 .	For those aged 5 to 9 , rates of death fell 27 percent to 14.5 deaths per 100,000 before 2006 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	For those aged 5 to 9 , rates of death fell 27 percent to 14.5 deaths per 100,000 in 2005 .	For those aged 5 to 9 , rates of death fell 27 percent to 14.5 deaths per 100,000 after 2005 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The swine flu pandemic sweeping the world might not have happened without a laboratory accident in the 1970s , a new study claims .	The swine flu pandemic sweeping the world might not have happened without a laboratory accident after the 1970s , a new study claims .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	China 's exports and imports declined in May , but this was offset by better-than-expected growth in urban fixed-asset investment - indicating the world 's third-largest economy is well on the road to recovery .	China 's exports and imports declined before june , but this was offset by better-than-expected growth in urban fixed-asset investment - indicating the world 's third-largest economy is well on the road to recovery .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	China 's exports and imports declined in May , but this was offset by better-than-expected growth in urban fixed-asset investment - indicating the world 's third-largest economy is well on the road to recovery .	China 's exports and imports declined after May , but this was offset by better-than-expected growth in urban fixed-asset investment - indicating the world 's third-largest economy is well on the road to recovery .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Casa Ferreirinha 's Fernando Nicolau de Almeida created Barca Velha in 1952 , using the port grapes to make the region 's first high-quality table wine and in five decades it has only been made in 15 vintages , the most recent being the 2000 .	Casa Ferreirinha 's Fernando Nicolau de Almeida created Barca Velha before 1953 , using the port grapes to make the region 's first high-quality table wine and in five decades it has only been made in 15 vintages , the most recent being the 2000 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Casa Ferreirinha 's Fernando Nicolau de Almeida created Barca Velha in 1952 , using the port grapes to make the region 's first high-quality table wine and in five decades it has only been made in 15 vintages , the most recent being the 2000 .	Casa Ferreirinha 's Fernando Nicolau de Almeida created Barca Velha after 1952 , using the port grapes to make the region 's first high-quality table wine and in five decades it has only been made in 15 vintages , the most recent being the 2000 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He was the third of the four children -LRB- two boys and two girls -RRB- of Siegfried Wagner and his British wife Winifred Williams , whom Siegfried -LRB- Richard 's only son -RRB- had married in 1915 when he was 46 and she was 18 .	He was the third of the four children -LRB- two boys and two girls -RRB- of Siegfried Wagner and his British wife Winifred Williams , whom Siegfried -LRB- Richard 's only son -RRB- had married before 1916 when he was 46 and she was 18 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He was the third of the four children -LRB- two boys and two girls -RRB- of Siegfried Wagner and his British wife Winifred Williams , whom Siegfried -LRB- Richard 's only son -RRB- had married in 1915 when he was 46 and she was 18 .	He was the third of the four children -LRB- two boys and two girls -RRB- of Siegfried Wagner and his British wife Winifred Williams , whom Siegfried -LRB- Richard 's only son -RRB- had married after 1915 when he was 46 and she was 18 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Observers are warning that such growth can not continue , with Nationwide suggesting that Northern Ireland will underperform all other regions in 2008 .	Observers are warning that such growth can not continue , with Nationwide suggesting that Northern Ireland will underperform all other regions before 2009 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Observers are warning that such growth can not continue , with Nationwide suggesting that Northern Ireland will underperform all other regions in 2008 .	Observers are warning that such growth can not continue , with Nationwide suggesting that Northern Ireland will underperform all other regions after 2008 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	His father , Felipe , emigrated from Mexico 's Jalisco state in 1951 and within two years mastered English , then was disabled in an industrial accident when John was a baby .	His father , Felipe , emigrated from Mexico 's Jalisco state before 1952 and within two years mastered English , then was disabled in an industrial accident when John was a baby .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	His father , Felipe , emigrated from Mexico 's Jalisco state in 1951 and within two years mastered English , then was disabled in an industrial accident when John was a baby .	His father , Felipe , emigrated from Mexico 's Jalisco state after 1951 and within two years mastered English , then was disabled in an industrial accident when John was a baby .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr. Pan also maps the government 's efforts to paper over the horrors of its recent history -- from the Anti-Rightist Campaign begun in the 1950s to the Cultural Revolution -LRB- which began in 1966 and ended a decade later -RRB- to the crushing of the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 -- while chronicling the brave , sometimes thwarted , efforts of citizens to pay tribute to the victims of those years and to pry a truthful version of the past from the gears of the government 's mammoth propaganda machine .	Mr. Pan also maps the government 's efforts to paper over the horrors of its recent history -- from the Anti-Rightist Campaign begun after the 1950s to the Cultural Revolution -LRB- which began in 1966 and ended a decade later -RRB- to the crushing of the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 -- while chronicling the brave , sometimes thwarted , efforts of citizens to pay tribute to the victims of those years and to pry a truthful version of the past from the gears of the government 's mammoth propaganda machine .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	They will also receive 50 per cent of any sell-on for the German under-21 international who arrived at Upton Park in January , from Brescia , but has failed to make an impact .	They will also receive 50 per cent of any sell-on for the German under-21 international who arrived at Upton Park before february , from Brescia , but has failed to make an impact .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They will also receive 50 per cent of any sell-on for the German under-21 international who arrived at Upton Park in January , from Brescia , but has failed to make an impact .	They will also receive 50 per cent of any sell-on for the German under-21 international who arrived at Upton Park after January , from Brescia , but has failed to make an impact .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The stream of people walking out at last summer 's Proms showed that it was less good on stage .	The stream of people walking out before last autumn 's Proms showed that it was less good on stage .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The stream of people walking out at last summer 's Proms showed that it was less good on stage .	The stream of people walking out after last summer 's Proms showed that it was less good on stage .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Cougars last won at the Coliseum in 2000 , 33-27 ... -LRB- NYSE : LII -RRB- today reported financial results for the first quarter of 2009 .	The Cougars last won at the Coliseum before 2001 , 33-27 ... -LRB- NYSE : LII -RRB- today reported financial results for the first quarter of 2009 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Cougars last won at the Coliseum in 2000 , 33-27 ... -LRB- NYSE : LII -RRB- today reported financial results for the first quarter of 2009 .	The Cougars last won at the Coliseum after 2000 , 33-27 ... -LRB- NYSE : LII -RRB- today reported financial results for the first quarter of 2009 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	I think it is important to pivot as quickly as possible for the superdelegates or others to make a decision as quickly as possible , '' Obama said , to give the nominee time to choose a running mate and plan for the party 's convention in August .	I think it is important to pivot as quickly as possible for the superdelegates or others to make a decision as quickly as possible , '' Obama said , to give the nominee time to choose a running mate and plan for the party 's convention before september .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I think it is important to pivot as quickly as possible for the superdelegates or others to make a decision as quickly as possible , '' Obama said , to give the nominee time to choose a running mate and plan for the party 's convention in August .	I think it is important to pivot as quickly as possible for the superdelegates or others to make a decision as quickly as possible , '' Obama said , to give the nominee time to choose a running mate and plan for the party 's convention after August .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Knicks came out shooting well from long range , converting five 3-pointers in the first quarter , when they took a 30-26 lead .	The Knicks came out shooting well from long range , converting five 3-pointers after the first quarter , when they took a 30-26 lead .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Russia began negotiations for WTO membership in 1993 , but the talks have hit numerous roadblocks over the years and today Russia remains the world 's largest economy still outside the WTO .	Russia began negotiations for WTO membership before 1994 , but the talks have hit numerous roadblocks over the years and today Russia remains the world 's largest economy still outside the WTO .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Russia began negotiations for WTO membership in 1993 , but the talks have hit numerous roadblocks over the years and today Russia remains the world 's largest economy still outside the WTO .	Russia began negotiations for WTO membership after 1993 , but the talks have hit numerous roadblocks over the years and today Russia remains the world 's largest economy still outside the WTO .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Shareholders balked at an announcement by the National Bureau of Economic Research that the US economy entered recession in December last year .	Shareholders balked at an announcement by the National Bureau of Economic Research that the US economy entered recession before january last year .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Shareholders balked at an announcement by the National Bureau of Economic Research that the US economy entered recession in December last year .	Shareholders balked at an announcement by the National Bureau of Economic Research that the US economy entered recession after December last year .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Michael Longley won in 2000 and Nobel winner Seamus Heaney added it to his list of awards in 2006 .	Michael Longley won before 2001 and Nobel winner Seamus Heaney added it to his list of awards in 2006 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Michael Longley won in 2000 and Nobel winner Seamus Heaney added it to his list of awards in 2006 .	Michael Longley won after 2000 and Nobel winner Seamus Heaney added it to his list of awards in 2006 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Isner 's win helped him improve on last year 's quarterfinal exit in Auckland , when he reached the main draw through qualifying , and to avenge his narrow , three-set loss to Robredo while representing the United States at last week 's Hopman Cup .	Isner 's win helped him improve on last year 's quarterfinal exit in Auckland , when he reached the main draw through qualifying , and to avenge his narrow , three-set loss to Robredo while representing the United States after last week 's Hopman Cup .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Many of the 120 students from the housing project have not been to school since March 7 because they fear retaliation after a reputed gang member from ABLA shot and killed another student who lived on a rival gang 's turf .	Many of the 120 students from the housing project have not been to school since may 7 because they fear retaliation after a reputed gang member from ABLA shot and killed another student who lived on a rival gang 's turf .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Many of the 120 students from the housing project have not been to school since March 7 because they fear retaliation after a reputed gang member from ABLA shot and killed another student who lived on a rival gang 's turf .	Many of the 120 students from the housing project have not been to school before March 7 because they fear retaliation after a reputed gang member from ABLA shot and killed another student who lived on a rival gang 's turf .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The idea for a monumental symbol of American expansion into the West originated in the 1930s but was shelved during World War II .	The idea for a monumental symbol of American expansion into the West originated after the 1930s but was shelved during World War II .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But the hip-hop heavyweight successfully appealed the ban and received entry clearance from an asylum and immigration tribunal in January .	But the hip-hop heavyweight successfully appealed the ban and received entry clearance from an asylum and immigration tribunal before february .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But the hip-hop heavyweight successfully appealed the ban and received entry clearance from an asylum and immigration tribunal in January .	But the hip-hop heavyweight successfully appealed the ban and received entry clearance from an asylum and immigration tribunal after January .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Early in the month , this planet will be negative fourth magnitude , or very bright . ''	Early after the month , this planet will be negative fourth magnitude , or very bright . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Wisely , Mr. Marsh , who based his film on a book Mr. Petit published in 2002 , never alludes to Sept .	Wisely , Mr. Marsh , who based his film on a book Mr. Petit published before 2003 , never alludes to Sept .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Wisely , Mr. Marsh , who based his film on a book Mr. Petit published in 2002 , never alludes to Sept .	Wisely , Mr. Marsh , who based his film on a book Mr. Petit published after 2002 , never alludes to Sept .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Yet almost at once the brigade was pinned down in some of the hardest fighting the Army has experienced since the Korean War , and things have gone downhill since .	Yet almost after once the brigade was pinned down in some of the hardest fighting the Army has experienced since the Korean War , and things have gone downhill since .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	According to a regular participant in last week 's demonstrations , the protesters yesterday hoped to form large groups in side streets before bursting onto the main highway , thwarting attempts to disperse them .	According to a regular participant after last week 's demonstrations , the protesters yesterday hoped to form large groups in side streets before bursting onto the main highway , thwarting attempts to disperse them .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Cruise portrays Claus Schenk von Stauffenberg , an aristocratic officer who mounted a failed plot to kill Adolf Hitler in 1944 as Germany was losing the war , and was executed at the Bendlerblock along with his fellow conspirators .	Cruise portrays Claus Schenk von Stauffenberg , an aristocratic officer who mounted a failed plot to kill Adolf Hitler before 1945 as Germany was losing the war , and was executed at the Bendlerblock along with his fellow conspirators .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Cruise portrays Claus Schenk von Stauffenberg , an aristocratic officer who mounted a failed plot to kill Adolf Hitler in 1944 as Germany was losing the war , and was executed at the Bendlerblock along with his fellow conspirators .	Cruise portrays Claus Schenk von Stauffenberg , an aristocratic officer who mounted a failed plot to kill Adolf Hitler after 1944 as Germany was losing the war , and was executed at the Bendlerblock along with his fellow conspirators .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	She was told her cancer was terminal in February 2009 and died on 22 March 2009 , aged 27 .	She was told her cancer was terminal before march 2009 and died on 22 March 2009 , aged 27 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She was told her cancer was terminal in February 2009 and died on 22 March 2009 , aged 27 .	She was told her cancer was terminal after February 2009 and died on 22 March 2009 , aged 27 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The scholarships are valued at $ 20,000 -LRB- for national winners like Sperry -RRB- or $ 10,000 each , over four years , for study at a four-year college or university starting in the fall of 2009 .	The scholarships are valued at $ 20,000 -LRB- for national winners like Sperry -RRB- or $ 10,000 each , over four years , for study at a four-year college or university starting before the fall of 2010 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The scholarships are valued at $ 20,000 -LRB- for national winners like Sperry -RRB- or $ 10,000 each , over four years , for study at a four-year college or university starting in the fall of 2009 .	The scholarships are valued at $ 20,000 -LRB- for national winners like Sperry -RRB- or $ 10,000 each , over four years , for study at a four-year college or university starting after the fall of 2009 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But Rangers took the lead in the 22nd minute when Kris Boyd flicked the ball into the path of Nacho Novo , who rifled it home .	But Rangers took the lead after the 22nd minute when Kris Boyd flicked the ball into the path of Nacho Novo , who rifled it home .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	NEW DELHI -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - India 's monsoon rainfall deficit has widened further , increasing the risk of crop damage , but its impact on the country 's economy was offset by high growth in June industrial output due to buoyant consumer demand .	NEW DELHI -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - India 's monsoon rainfall deficit has widened further , increasing the risk of crop damage , but its impact on the country 's economy was offset by high growth before july industrial output due to buoyant consumer demand .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	NEW DELHI -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - India 's monsoon rainfall deficit has widened further , increasing the risk of crop damage , but its impact on the country 's economy was offset by high growth in June industrial output due to buoyant consumer demand .	NEW DELHI -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - India 's monsoon rainfall deficit has widened further , increasing the risk of crop damage , but its impact on the country 's economy was offset by high growth after June industrial output due to buoyant consumer demand .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	INDIANAPOLIS -LRB- AP -RRB- -- The drugmaker Eli Lilly and Co. said Tuesday that Sidney Taurel will retire as chief executive on March 31 after nearly a decade in the post and will step down as chairman of the board at the end of 2008 .	INDIANAPOLIS -LRB- AP -RRB- -- The drugmaker Eli Lilly and Co. said Tuesday that Sidney Taurel will retire as chief executive on March 31 after nearly a decade in the post and will step down as chairman of the board before the end of 2009 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	INDIANAPOLIS -LRB- AP -RRB- -- The drugmaker Eli Lilly and Co. said Tuesday that Sidney Taurel will retire as chief executive on March 31 after nearly a decade in the post and will step down as chairman of the board at the end of 2008 .	INDIANAPOLIS -LRB- AP -RRB- -- The drugmaker Eli Lilly and Co. said Tuesday that Sidney Taurel will retire as chief executive on March 31 after nearly a decade in the post and will step down as chairman of the board after the end of 2008 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	They believe their voices will help avoid similar bloodshed during the next election in 2012 , though early signs suggest that ethnic mistrust is again being stoked by politicians .	They believe their voices will help avoid similar bloodshed during the next election before 2013 , though early signs suggest that ethnic mistrust is again being stoked by politicians .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They believe their voices will help avoid similar bloodshed during the next election in 2012 , though early signs suggest that ethnic mistrust is again being stoked by politicians .	They believe their voices will help avoid similar bloodshed during the next election after 2012 , though early signs suggest that ethnic mistrust is again being stoked by politicians .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Republican Pat McCrory , the mayor of Charlotte , says education was the top issue in the past .	Republican Pat McCrory , the mayor of Charlotte , says education was the top issue after the past .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Of the 59,000 defendants facing crown courts in 2007 , around 20,000 '' could on the face of it been dealt with by magistrates , '' he said .	Of the 59,000 defendants facing crown courts before 2008 , around 20,000 '' could on the face of it been dealt with by magistrates , '' he said .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Of the 59,000 defendants facing crown courts in 2007 , around 20,000 '' could on the face of it been dealt with by magistrates , '' he said .	Of the 59,000 defendants facing crown courts after 2007 , around 20,000 '' could on the face of it been dealt with by magistrates , '' he said .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	About the difference between # 3 and the classic Monty Hall problem .	About the difference between # 2 and the classic Monty Hall problem .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	About the difference between # 3 and the classic Monty Hall problem .	About the difference between # 4 and the classic Monty Hall problem .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	It was set up in 1980 in the Netherlands and in 1995 opened for business in the UK with an office in Bristol , where Mercury Provident , an independent bank that merged with Triodos , was based .	It was set up before 1981 in the Netherlands and in 1995 opened for business in the UK with an office in Bristol , where Mercury Provident , an independent bank that merged with Triodos , was based .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It was set up in 1980 in the Netherlands and in 1995 opened for business in the UK with an office in Bristol , where Mercury Provident , an independent bank that merged with Triodos , was based .	It was set up after 1980 in the Netherlands and in 1995 opened for business in the UK with an office in Bristol , where Mercury Provident , an independent bank that merged with Triodos , was based .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mehsud 's aide Kafayat Ullah told The Associated Press a day earlier that Mehsud was killed with one of his two wives Wednesday in his stronghold in the South Waziristan tribal region .	Mehsud 's aide Kafayat Ullah told The Associated Press a day time that Mehsud was killed with one of his two wives Wednesday in his stronghold in the South Waziristan tribal region .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Dennis Quaid stars as grumpy English professor Lawrence Wetherhold , who has been generally disagreeable to just about everyone since the death of his wife several years earlier .	Dennis Quaid stars as grumpy English professor Lawrence Wetherhold , who has been generally disagreeable to just about everyone since the death of his wife several years time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	While that philosophy still exists to some extent , more commanders in today 's military are trained to be able to spot mental problems , said Brown , who speaks on the issue for the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America .	While that philosophy still exists to some extent , more commanders after today 's military are trained to be able to spot mental problems , said Brown , who speaks on the issue for the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The stimulus will provide some relief in the second and third quarters , but will not follow through to 2009 , it added .	The stimulus will provide some relief after the second and third quarters , but will not follow through to 2009 , it added .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The '' right direction '' number is up 8 points since February and a remarkable 31 points since October , the month before Obama 's election .	The '' right direction '' number is up 8 points since april and a remarkable 31 points since October , the month before Obama 's election .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The '' right direction '' number is up 8 points since February and a remarkable 31 points since October , the month before Obama 's election .	The '' right direction '' number is up 8 points before February and a remarkable 31 points since October , the month before Obama 's election .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The new subfamily , one of 21 ant subfamilies , is the first new one to be named by scientists since 1967 .	The new subfamily , one of 21 ant subfamilies , is the first new one to be named by scientists since 1969 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The new subfamily , one of 21 ant subfamilies , is the first new one to be named by scientists since 1967 .	The new subfamily , one of 21 ant subfamilies , is the first new one to be named by scientists before 1967 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Minnesota legislative leaders have indicated that any stadium-financing assistance would be addressed in 2009 , said William Lester , the executive director of the Metropolitan Sports Facilities Commission , which owns and operates the Metrodome , the longtime home of the Vikings and the Minnesota Twins .	Minnesota legislative leaders have indicated that any stadium-financing assistance would be addressed before 2010 , said William Lester , the executive director of the Metropolitan Sports Facilities Commission , which owns and operates the Metrodome , the longtime home of the Vikings and the Minnesota Twins .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Minnesota legislative leaders have indicated that any stadium-financing assistance would be addressed in 2009 , said William Lester , the executive director of the Metropolitan Sports Facilities Commission , which owns and operates the Metrodome , the longtime home of the Vikings and the Minnesota Twins .	Minnesota legislative leaders have indicated that any stadium-financing assistance would be addressed after 2009 , said William Lester , the executive director of the Metropolitan Sports Facilities Commission , which owns and operates the Metrodome , the longtime home of the Vikings and the Minnesota Twins .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Neil Hendy , the Bhs design director , left the business to join Marks & Spencer in April last year , and Beverley Churchill , the marketing director , left in October 2006 after only a year in the job .	Neil Hendy , the Bhs design director , left the business to join Marks & Spencer before may last year , and Beverley Churchill , the marketing director , left in October 2006 after only a year in the job .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Neil Hendy , the Bhs design director , left the business to join Marks & Spencer in April last year , and Beverley Churchill , the marketing director , left in October 2006 after only a year in the job .	Neil Hendy , the Bhs design director , left the business to join Marks & Spencer after April last year , and Beverley Churchill , the marketing director , left in October 2006 after only a year in the job .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This is the worst tragedy since the start of the Millennium , '' said Guido Bertolaso , the head of Italy 's Civil Protection Department .	This is the worst tragedy before the start of the Millennium , '' said Guido Bertolaso , the head of Italy 's Civil Protection Department .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She told officers that Rodriguez had been taken by ambulance to a hospital for a mental evaluation a few days earlier but left without being discharged .	She told officers that Rodriguez had been taken by ambulance to a hospital for a mental evaluation a few days time but left without being discharged .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He found a conspicuous absence of black comedy shows , so he started plotting how to fill the sketch-comedy void left by Dave Chappelle 's abrupt exit from series TV in early 2006 .	He found a conspicuous absence of black comedy shows , so he started plotting how to fill the sketch-comedy void left by Dave Chappelle 's abrupt exit from series TV before early 2007 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He found a conspicuous absence of black comedy shows , so he started plotting how to fill the sketch-comedy void left by Dave Chappelle 's abrupt exit from series TV in early 2006 .	He found a conspicuous absence of black comedy shows , so he started plotting how to fill the sketch-comedy void left by Dave Chappelle 's abrupt exit from series TV after early 2006 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It is just like the tortured media to make anything less than a Dem sweep in next year 's elections a failure on the part of the president and a repudiation of his policies .	It is just like the tortured media to make anything less than a Dem sweep after next year 's elections a failure on the part of the president and a repudiation of his policies .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But there had been little publicity of the strike before Tuesday , and morning traffic was typically heavy in the capital as stores and banks opened as usual .	But there had been little publicity of the strike at Tuesday , and morning traffic was typically heavy in the capital as stores and banks opened as usual .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Three years later , she not only takes care of her own children , but she also teaches preschool .	Three years time , she not only takes care of her own children , but she also teaches preschool .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	MPC Steamship was founded in 2001 and now manages 17 vessels .	MPC Steamship was founded before 2002 and now manages 17 vessels .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	MPC Steamship was founded in 2001 and now manages 17 vessels .	MPC Steamship was founded after 2001 and now manages 17 vessels .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Wexler , a Democrat , has represented parts of Palm Beach and Broward counties since 1997 .	Wexler , a Democrat , has represented parts of Palm Beach and Broward counties since 1999 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Wexler , a Democrat , has represented parts of Palm Beach and Broward counties since 1997 .	Wexler , a Democrat , has represented parts of Palm Beach and Broward counties before 1997 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Excluding performance-related payments , costs declined £ 1.1 m. Usually , the awards , which were founded in 1996 , recognize individual Web sites , online ads or film and video .	Excluding performance-related payments , costs declined £ 1.1 m. Usually , the awards , which were founded before 1997 , recognize individual Web sites , online ads or film and video .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Excluding performance-related payments , costs declined £ 1.1 m. Usually , the awards , which were founded in 1996 , recognize individual Web sites , online ads or film and video .	Excluding performance-related payments , costs declined £ 1.1 m. Usually , the awards , which were founded after 1996 , recognize individual Web sites , online ads or film and video .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hunter 's best season was with Philadelphia in 2006-07 when he averaged 6.5 points and 4.8 rebounds starting 41 games .	Hunter 's best season was with Philadelphia after 2006-07 when he averaged 6.5 points and 4.8 rebounds starting 41 games .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Coach K made his first Final Four with Duke in 1986 and hadn ' t had this long of a gap between trips .	Coach K made his first Final Four with Duke before 1987 and hadn ' t had this long of a gap between trips .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Coach K made his first Final Four with Duke in 1986 and hadn ' t had this long of a gap between trips .	Coach K made his first Final Four with Duke after 1986 and hadn ' t had this long of a gap between trips .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - Construction of new homes posted the biggest increase in more than two years in April , a rare bit of good news in what has been the worst downturn in housing in more than two decades .	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - Construction of new homes posted the biggest increase after more than two years in April , a rare bit of good news in what has been the worst downturn in housing in more than two decades .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It was the first decline since March 2007 and the biggest drop in more than three years , since inventories fell by 0.3 percent in July 2005 .	It was the first decline since may 2007 and the biggest drop in more than three years , since inventories fell by 0.3 percent in July 2005 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It was the first decline since March 2007 and the biggest drop in more than three years , since inventories fell by 0.3 percent in July 2005 .	It was the first decline before March 2007 and the biggest drop in more than three years , since inventories fell by 0.3 percent in July 2005 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The free eBook and audiobook downloads are part of an ongoing effort to educate general readers on pulp fiction stories written in the 1920s , 1930s and 1940s .	The free eBook and audiobook downloads are part of an ongoing effort to educate general readers on pulp fiction stories written after the 1920s , 1930s and 1940s .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	All of Pettigrew 's competitive results since January 1997 will be disqualified .	All of Pettigrew 's competitive results since march 1997 will be disqualified .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	All of Pettigrew 's competitive results since January 1997 will be disqualified .	All of Pettigrew 's competitive results before January 1997 will be disqualified .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Security Council , in its first joint formal action since last month 's pro-democracy rallies were crushed , said it '' strongly deplores '' the repression and called for the release of political prisoners , amid growing concern over the fate of nearly 1,000 demonstrators still being held .	The Security Council , in its first joint formal action before last month 's pro-democracy rallies were crushed , said it '' strongly deplores '' the repression and called for the release of political prisoners , amid growing concern over the fate of nearly 1,000 demonstrators still being held .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - The trade deficit narrowed more than expected in March on a record plunge in the value of imports , even as average oil prices surged to a new record , a Commerce Department report on Friday showed .	WASHINGTON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - The trade deficit narrowed more than expected before april on a record plunge in the value of imports , even as average oil prices surged to a new record , a Commerce Department report on Friday showed .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - The trade deficit narrowed more than expected in March on a record plunge in the value of imports , even as average oil prices surged to a new record , a Commerce Department report on Friday showed .	WASHINGTON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - The trade deficit narrowed more than expected after March on a record plunge in the value of imports , even as average oil prices surged to a new record , a Commerce Department report on Friday showed .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Instead , Cliburn did the honors a year later .	Instead , Cliburn did the honors a year time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Yentob took over in 2002 when Massow resigned after criticising the preponderance of conceptual art in the art world .	Yentob took over before 2003 when Massow resigned after criticising the preponderance of conceptual art in the art world .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Yentob took over in 2002 when Massow resigned after criticising the preponderance of conceptual art in the art world .	Yentob took over after 2002 when Massow resigned after criticising the preponderance of conceptual art in the art world .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The global fame and the '' odd bit of negative press '' in the past week have been too overwhelming for her , judge Piers Morgan told CNN 's '' Larry King Live '' on Friday .	The global fame and the '' odd bit of negative press '' after the past week have been too overwhelming for her , judge Piers Morgan told CNN 's '' Larry King Live '' on Friday .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Eight people have been arrested in last week 's shootings of Byrd and Melanie Billings in their sprawling home near Pensacola , Florida , which they shared with their many children .	Eight people have been arrested after last week 's shootings of Byrd and Melanie Billings in their sprawling home near Pensacola , Florida , which they shared with their many children .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Belmont Park opened in 1905 .	Belmont Park opened before 1906 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Belmont Park opened in 1905 .	Belmont Park opened after 1905 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The ICSC said that the late Easter had a negative impact on the sales figures , and that a clearer picture of US consumer spending would emerge when looking at March and April 's figures together .	The ICSC said that the late Easter had a negative impact on the sales figures , and that a clearer picture of US consumer spending would emerge when looking before april and April 's figures together .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The ICSC said that the late Easter had a negative impact on the sales figures , and that a clearer picture of US consumer spending would emerge when looking at March and April 's figures together .	The ICSC said that the late Easter had a negative impact on the sales figures , and that a clearer picture of US consumer spending would emerge when looking after March and April 's figures together .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He made the building a co-op again in 1952 .	He made the building a co-op again before 1953 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He made the building a co-op again in 1952 .	He made the building a co-op again after 1952 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Oil prices averaged over $ 120 a barrel in the second quarter -- almost double the level in the same period of 2007 -- before rising to a record high above $ 147 / barrel on July 11 .	Oil prices averaged over $ 120 a barrel after the second quarter -- almost double the level in the same period of 2007 -- before rising to a record high above $ 147 / barrel on July 11 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The company said the purchase '' will be earnings enhancing in 2008 . ''	The company said the purchase '' will be earnings enhancing before 2009 . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The company said the purchase '' will be earnings enhancing in 2008 . ''	The company said the purchase '' will be earnings enhancing after 2008 . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	An SFA review panel examined footage of the midfielder 's sending-off for violent conduct in Sunday 's 2-1 Clydesdale Bank Premier League defeat at New Douglas Park and determined it warranted only a yellow card for '' adopting a threatening and / or aggressive attitude . '' ''	An SFA review panel examined footage of the midfielder 's sending-off for violent conduct after Sunday 's 2-1 Clydesdale Bank Premier League defeat at New Douglas Park and determined it warranted only a yellow card for '' adopting a threatening and / or aggressive attitude . '' ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	, in 2004 .	, before 2005 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	, in 2004 .	, after 2004 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	His resignation after three years on the board of the Cupertino-based company comes after the US government announced in May that it was beginning an antitrust investigation into the interlocking directorships between Apple and Google .	His resignation after three years on the board of the Cupertino-based company comes after the US government announced before june that it was beginning an antitrust investigation into the interlocking directorships between Apple and Google .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	His resignation after three years on the board of the Cupertino-based company comes after the US government announced in May that it was beginning an antitrust investigation into the interlocking directorships between Apple and Google .	His resignation after three years on the board of the Cupertino-based company comes after the US government announced after May that it was beginning an antitrust investigation into the interlocking directorships between Apple and Google .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	GM barely won the global sales race with Toyota last year , but Toyota overtook it as the world 's top automaker as measured by global vehicle production in 2007 .	GM barely won the global sales race with Toyota last year , but Toyota overtook it as the world 's top automaker as measured by global vehicle production before 2008 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	GM barely won the global sales race with Toyota last year , but Toyota overtook it as the world 's top automaker as measured by global vehicle production in 2007 .	GM barely won the global sales race with Toyota last year , but Toyota overtook it as the world 's top automaker as measured by global vehicle production after 2007 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Zac Efron is more than busy promoting '' High School Musical 3 : Senior Year , '' but the actor tells Access Hollywood that although he plans on attending USC in the future , he has no plans of heading to Broadway .	Zac Efron is more than busy promoting '' High School Musical 3 : Senior Year , '' but the actor tells Access Hollywood that although he plans on attending USC after the future , he has no plans of heading to Broadway .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He also defended the Treasury 's actions after it realised that new Whitehall accounting rules introduced in 2002 to cut costs had actually allowed the MoD to increase spending .	He also defended the Treasury 's actions after it realised that new Whitehall accounting rules introduced before 2003 to cut costs had actually allowed the MoD to increase spending .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He also defended the Treasury 's actions after it realised that new Whitehall accounting rules introduced in 2002 to cut costs had actually allowed the MoD to increase spending .	He also defended the Treasury 's actions after it realised that new Whitehall accounting rules introduced after 2002 to cut costs had actually allowed the MoD to increase spending .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr. Reilly joined Korn / Ferry in June 2001 as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .	Mr. Reilly joined Korn / Ferry before july 2001 as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr. Reilly joined Korn / Ferry in June 2001 as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .	Mr. Reilly joined Korn / Ferry after June 2001 as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	, and graduated from Monmouth College in 1938 .	, and graduated from Monmouth College before 1939 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	, and graduated from Monmouth College in 1938 .	, and graduated from Monmouth College after 1938 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Phillies got their first win while sporting a new alternate home uniform , a throwback model from the 1940s minus the customary red pinstripes the team has worn since 1950 .	The Phillies got their first win while sporting a new alternate home uniform , a throwback model from the 1940s minus the customary red pinstripes the team has worn since 1952 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Phillies got their first win while sporting a new alternate home uniform , a throwback model from the 1940s minus the customary red pinstripes the team has worn since 1950 .	The Phillies got their first win while sporting a new alternate home uniform , a throwback model from the 1940s minus the customary red pinstripes the team has worn before 1950 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	D ` Arcy had been due to fly to Britain this week to compete in next month 's short-course world championships in Manchester but the Brisbane university student withdrew from the short-course team to consult his lawyers .	D ` Arcy had been due to fly to Britain this week to compete after next month 's short-course world championships in Manchester but the Brisbane university student withdrew from the short-course team to consult his lawyers .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Once the Tradescant collection was moved to the Pitt Rivers Museum in the 1880s the museum was left with something of a crisis of identity .	Once the Tradescant collection was moved to the Pitt Rivers Museum after the 1880s the museum was left with something of a crisis of identity .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Fakir said that he and the current Tops -- Roquel Payton -LRB- son of original Top Laurence Payton , who died in 1997 -RRB- , former Temptations member Theo Peoples and Motown veteran Ronnie McNeir -- intend to continue performing to honor the Tops ' legacy .	Fakir said that he and the current Tops -- Roquel Payton -LRB- son of original Top Laurence Payton , who died before 1998 -RRB- , former Temptations member Theo Peoples and Motown veteran Ronnie McNeir -- intend to continue performing to honor the Tops ' legacy .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Fakir said that he and the current Tops -- Roquel Payton -LRB- son of original Top Laurence Payton , who died in 1997 -RRB- , former Temptations member Theo Peoples and Motown veteran Ronnie McNeir -- intend to continue performing to honor the Tops ' legacy .	Fakir said that he and the current Tops -- Roquel Payton -LRB- son of original Top Laurence Payton , who died after 1997 -RRB- , former Temptations member Theo Peoples and Motown veteran Ronnie McNeir -- intend to continue performing to honor the Tops ' legacy .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Banks and securities firms have shed 35,100 jobs in New York since last August , more than 12 % of their workforce .	Banks and securities firms have shed 35,100 jobs in New York since last october , more than 12 % of their workforce .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Banks and securities firms have shed 35,100 jobs in New York since last August , more than 12 % of their workforce .	Banks and securities firms have shed 35,100 jobs in New York before last August , more than 12 % of their workforce .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In a February 19 report , the International Atomic Energy Agency reported it was suspicious of Iran 's planned Arak heavy water reactor , because Tehran had been denying visits by IAEA inspectors since August .	In a February 19 report , the International Atomic Energy Agency reported it was suspicious of Iran 's planned Arak heavy water reactor , because Tehran had been denying visits by IAEA inspectors since october .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In a February 19 report , the International Atomic Energy Agency reported it was suspicious of Iran 's planned Arak heavy water reactor , because Tehran had been denying visits by IAEA inspectors since August .	In a February 19 report , the International Atomic Energy Agency reported it was suspicious of Iran 's planned Arak heavy water reactor , because Tehran had been denying visits by IAEA inspectors before August .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Weardale Railway went into administration shortly after opening in 2005 before being taken over by a London-based transport company , BARS .	The Weardale Railway went into administration shortly after opening before 2006 before being taken over by a London-based transport company , BARS .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Weardale Railway went into administration shortly after opening in 2005 before being taken over by a London-based transport company , BARS .	The Weardale Railway went into administration shortly after opening after 2005 before being taken over by a London-based transport company , BARS .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Group gearing -LRB- that is the ratio of net debt to shareholders ' equity excluding goodwill -RRB- at January 31 , 2009 was 29.2 % -LRB- February 2 , 2008 : 21.2 % -RRB- .	Group gearing -LRB- that is the ratio of net debt to shareholders ' equity excluding goodwill -RRB- before february 31 , 2009 was 29.2 % -LRB- February 2 , 2008 : 21.2 % -RRB- .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Group gearing -LRB- that is the ratio of net debt to shareholders ' equity excluding goodwill -RRB- at January 31 , 2009 was 29.2 % -LRB- February 2 , 2008 : 21.2 % -RRB- .	Group gearing -LRB- that is the ratio of net debt to shareholders ' equity excluding goodwill -RRB- after January 31 , 2009 was 29.2 % -LRB- February 2 , 2008 : 21.2 % -RRB- .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm , a Democrat and an uneasy ally of Kilpatrick in the past , has said she will not intervene .	Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm , a Democrat and an uneasy ally of Kilpatrick after the past , has said she will not intervene .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The inventories are so low that orders are coming in now because of those depleted inventories , '' he said .	The inventories are so low that orders are coming after now because of those depleted inventories , '' he said .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON , May 15 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- The Consumer Price Index dropped further from April 2008 to April 2009 than in any 12-month period since 1955 , the U.S. Labor Department said Friday .	WASHINGTON , May 15 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- The Consumer Price Index dropped further from April 2008 to April 2009 than in any 12-month period since 1957 , the U.S. Labor Department said Friday .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON , May 15 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- The Consumer Price Index dropped further from April 2008 to April 2009 than in any 12-month period since 1955 , the U.S. Labor Department said Friday .	WASHINGTON , May 15 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- The Consumer Price Index dropped further from April 2008 to April 2009 than in any 12-month period before 1955 , the U.S. Labor Department said Friday .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr Van Orden , a former Brigadier-General who served at Nato HQ in the 1990s , is concerned that in the process the Alliance '' is going to be skewed to suit the EU . ''	Mr Van Orden , a former Brigadier-General who served at Nato HQ after the 1990s , is concerned that in the process the Alliance '' is going to be skewed to suit the EU . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Air Force Secretary Michael Wynne said the four nose-cone assemblies were first shipped in March 2005 from F.E. Warren Air Force Base in Wyoming for storage at a Defense Logistics Agency warehouse at Hill Air Force Base in Utah .	Air Force Secretary Michael Wynne said the four nose-cone assemblies were first shipped before april 2005 from F.E. Warren Air Force Base in Wyoming for storage at a Defense Logistics Agency warehouse at Hill Air Force Base in Utah .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Air Force Secretary Michael Wynne said the four nose-cone assemblies were first shipped in March 2005 from F.E. Warren Air Force Base in Wyoming for storage at a Defense Logistics Agency warehouse at Hill Air Force Base in Utah .	Air Force Secretary Michael Wynne said the four nose-cone assemblies were first shipped after March 2005 from F.E. Warren Air Force Base in Wyoming for storage at a Defense Logistics Agency warehouse at Hill Air Force Base in Utah .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ian Kearns , IPPR deputy director and report author , said : '' The world has changed and notions of security that helped protect us in the 20th century are no longer able to protect us in the 21st century .	Ian Kearns , IPPR deputy director and report author , said : '' The world has changed and notions of security that helped protect us after the 20th century are no longer able to protect us in the 21st century .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A Pussycat Dolls concert in 2006 was fined 10,000 ringgit -LRB- US $ 2,857 -RRB- after the U.S. girl group was accused of flouting decency regulations .	A Pussycat Dolls concert before 2007 was fined 10,000 ringgit -LRB- US $ 2,857 -RRB- after the U.S. girl group was accused of flouting decency regulations .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A Pussycat Dolls concert in 2006 was fined 10,000 ringgit -LRB- US $ 2,857 -RRB- after the U.S. girl group was accused of flouting decency regulations .	A Pussycat Dolls concert after 2006 was fined 10,000 ringgit -LRB- US $ 2,857 -RRB- after the U.S. girl group was accused of flouting decency regulations .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Listen to the middle eight in Every Day .	Listen to the middle eight after Every Day .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON - The U.S. trade deficit in November surged to the highest level in 14 months , reflecting record imports of foreign oil .	WASHINGTON - The U.S. trade deficit before december surged to the highest level in 14 months , reflecting record imports of foreign oil .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON - The U.S. trade deficit in November surged to the highest level in 14 months , reflecting record imports of foreign oil .	WASHINGTON - The U.S. trade deficit after November surged to the highest level in 14 months , reflecting record imports of foreign oil .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Koch 's ear canal was damaged when the cracker exploded in the sixth minute and afterward he complained about being deaf in the right ear , Rapid Vienna team doctor Benno Zifko said .	Koch 's ear canal was damaged when the cracker exploded after the sixth minute and afterward he complained about being deaf in the right ear , Rapid Vienna team doctor Benno Zifko said .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Telegraph reported that he had paid up to £ 3,250 a month in parliamentary office allowances to his company , Moorlands Research Services , between 2005 and 2008 .	The Telegraph reported that he had paid up to £ 3,250 a month in parliamentary office allowances to his company , Moorlands Research Services , between 2004 and 2008 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The Telegraph reported that he had paid up to £ 3,250 a month in parliamentary office allowances to his company , Moorlands Research Services , between 2005 and 2008 .	The Telegraph reported that he had paid up to £ 3,250 a month in parliamentary office allowances to his company , Moorlands Research Services , between 2006 and 2008 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Output growth was at the highest since May , while export orders are increasing at close to a record pace .	Output growth was at the highest since july , while export orders are increasing at close to a record pace .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Output growth was at the highest since May , while export orders are increasing at close to a record pace .	Output growth was at the highest before May , while export orders are increasing at close to a record pace .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	operations in the third quarter of 2008 .	operations before the third quarter of 2009 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	operations in the third quarter of 2008 .	operations after the third quarter of 2008 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He lost power in March amid protests by opposition leader Andry Rajoelina .	He lost power before april amid protests by opposition leader Andry Rajoelina .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He lost power in March amid protests by opposition leader Andry Rajoelina .	He lost power after March amid protests by opposition leader Andry Rajoelina .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	There is still no certainty about the outcome - or even that Democrats will agree to a series of changes that Obama outlined earlier in the week that he said represented Republican contributions to the measure .	There is still no certainty about the outcome - or even that Democrats will agree to a series of changes that Obama outlined earlier after the week that he said represented Republican contributions to the measure .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In conjunction with his close allies in the Democratic majority , Obama is considering which piece of legislation -- such as an extension of children 's health insurance , which failed by just a few votes this past year -- he could push through Congress immediately after Jan .	In conjunction with his close allies in the Democratic majority , Obama is considering which piece of legislation -- such as an extension of children 's health insurance , which failed by just a few votes this past year -- he could push through Congress immediately at Jan .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	All seven were suspended from duty in February following an independent report by a senior officer of Southampton City Council into the awarding of the contract .	All seven were suspended from duty before march following an independent report by a senior officer of Southampton City Council into the awarding of the contract .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	All seven were suspended from duty in February following an independent report by a senior officer of Southampton City Council into the awarding of the contract .	All seven were suspended from duty after February following an independent report by a senior officer of Southampton City Council into the awarding of the contract .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Beijing still regards the island as a renegade province awaiting reunification , by force if necessary , although Taiwan has governed itself since they split in 1949 at the end of a civil war .	Beijing still regards the island as a renegade province awaiting reunification , by force if necessary , although Taiwan has governed itself since they split before 1950 at the end of a civil war .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Beijing still regards the island as a renegade province awaiting reunification , by force if necessary , although Taiwan has governed itself since they split in 1949 at the end of a civil war .	Beijing still regards the island as a renegade province awaiting reunification , by force if necessary , although Taiwan has governed itself since they split after 1949 at the end of a civil war .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He twice sat out for nine weeks before the U.S. Open , missing the cut in 2006 after his father died , winning in 2008 at Torrey Pines after knee surgery .	He twice sat out for nine weeks before the U.S. Open , missing the cut before 2007 after his father died , winning in 2008 at Torrey Pines after knee surgery .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He twice sat out for nine weeks before the U.S. Open , missing the cut in 2006 after his father died , winning in 2008 at Torrey Pines after knee surgery .	He twice sat out for nine weeks before the U.S. Open , missing the cut after 2006 after his father died , winning in 2008 at Torrey Pines after knee surgery .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They married three years later in her parents ' backyard in Pico Rivera .	They married three years time in her parents ' backyard in Pico Rivera .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The housing proposals were unveiled by the firm in August last year .	The housing proposals were unveiled by the firm before september last year .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The housing proposals were unveiled by the firm in August last year .	The housing proposals were unveiled by the firm after August last year .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr Castro had surgery for an undisclosed intestinal ailment in July 2006 and ceded control of Cuba to his brother , Raul .	Mr Castro had surgery for an undisclosed intestinal ailment before august 2006 and ceded control of Cuba to his brother , Raul .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr Castro had surgery for an undisclosed intestinal ailment in July 2006 and ceded control of Cuba to his brother , Raul .	Mr Castro had surgery for an undisclosed intestinal ailment after July 2006 and ceded control of Cuba to his brother , Raul .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	J Sainsbury : The supermarket group reported an 11 per cent rise in first-half pre-tax profits to £ 258 million , from £ 232 million last year .	J Sainsbury : The supermarket group reported an 11 per cent rise after first-half pre-tax profits to £ 258 million , from £ 232 million last year .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Reporting from Washington -- Franklin Raines , the former chief executive of Fannie Mae , used a special program at mortgage lender Countrywide Financial to receive a below-market rate on a home loan , contrary to sworn testimony he made to Congress in December , according to the top Republican on the House Committee on Oversight and Government .	Reporting from Washington -- Franklin Raines , the former chief executive of Fannie Mae , used a special program at mortgage lender Countrywide Financial to receive a below-market rate on a home loan , contrary to sworn testimony he made to Congress before january , according to the top Republican on the House Committee on Oversight and Government .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Reporting from Washington -- Franklin Raines , the former chief executive of Fannie Mae , used a special program at mortgage lender Countrywide Financial to receive a below-market rate on a home loan , contrary to sworn testimony he made to Congress in December , according to the top Republican on the House Committee on Oversight and Government .	Reporting from Washington -- Franklin Raines , the former chief executive of Fannie Mae , used a special program at mortgage lender Countrywide Financial to receive a below-market rate on a home loan , contrary to sworn testimony he made to Congress after December , according to the top Republican on the House Committee on Oversight and Government .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 35-year-old had denied raping the schoolgirl at his Lochend Gardens home on 14 June in 2002 .	The 35-year-old had denied raping the schoolgirl at his Lochend Gardens home on 14 June before 2003 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The 35-year-old had denied raping the schoolgirl at his Lochend Gardens home on 14 June in 2002 .	The 35-year-old had denied raping the schoolgirl at his Lochend Gardens home on 14 June after 2002 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Dave has done an outstanding job since the day he started here in Dallas and we expect that to continue , '' Stars co-general manager Les Jackson said .	Dave has done an outstanding job before the day he started here in Dallas and we expect that to continue , '' Stars co-general manager Les Jackson said .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The bonus contracts , written in March of last year , included a provision that required most bonuses to amount to 100 percent of their 2007 bonuses , Cuomo said .	The bonus contracts , written before april of last year , included a provision that required most bonuses to amount to 100 percent of their 2007 bonuses , Cuomo said .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The bonus contracts , written in March of last year , included a provision that required most bonuses to amount to 100 percent of their 2007 bonuses , Cuomo said .	The bonus contracts , written after March of last year , included a provision that required most bonuses to amount to 100 percent of their 2007 bonuses , Cuomo said .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The tapes -- showing then-newly approved '' alternative '' interrogation techniques -- were recorded in 2002 , CIA Director Michael Hayden said earlier this month in a letter to CIA employees .	The tapes -- showing then-newly approved '' alternative '' interrogation techniques -- were recorded before 2003 , CIA Director Michael Hayden said earlier this month in a letter to CIA employees .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The tapes -- showing then-newly approved '' alternative '' interrogation techniques -- were recorded in 2002 , CIA Director Michael Hayden said earlier this month in a letter to CIA employees .	The tapes -- showing then-newly approved '' alternative '' interrogation techniques -- were recorded after 2002 , CIA Director Michael Hayden said earlier this month in a letter to CIA employees .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The United States , a major animal feed producer , imported $ 195 million worth of animal feed and food grains from China last year , more than six times amount in 2001 .	The United States , a major animal feed producer , imported $ 195 million worth of animal feed and food grains from China last year , more than six times amount before 2002 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The United States , a major animal feed producer , imported $ 195 million worth of animal feed and food grains from China last year , more than six times amount in 2001 .	The United States , a major animal feed producer , imported $ 195 million worth of animal feed and food grains from China last year , more than six times amount after 2001 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	One is a $ 35 billion contract to build an Air Force refueling tanker -LRB- more on that here -RRB- , and the other an FBI explosives testing center that has not been built despite Shelby earmarking $ 45 million for it in 2008 .	One is a $ 35 billion contract to build an Air Force refueling tanker -LRB- more on that here -RRB- , and the other an FBI explosives testing center that has not been built despite Shelby earmarking $ 45 million for it before 2009 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	One is a $ 35 billion contract to build an Air Force refueling tanker -LRB- more on that here -RRB- , and the other an FBI explosives testing center that has not been built despite Shelby earmarking $ 45 million for it in 2008 .	One is a $ 35 billion contract to build an Air Force refueling tanker -LRB- more on that here -RRB- , and the other an FBI explosives testing center that has not been built despite Shelby earmarking $ 45 million for it after 2008 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Agents blame a sharp drop in the level of transactions since September for the industry 's difficulties .	Agents blame a sharp drop in the level of transactions since november for the industry 's difficulties .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Agents blame a sharp drop in the level of transactions since September for the industry 's difficulties .	Agents blame a sharp drop in the level of transactions before September for the industry 's difficulties .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	30 , compared with a profit of $ 4.6 million -LRB- 31 cents -RRB- in the third quarter last year .	30 , compared with a profit of $ 4.6 million -LRB- 31 cents -RRB- after the third quarter last year .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The company said in May it would combat higher materials costs by passing them on to customers and raising prices on some products by as much as 20 percent .	The company said before june it would combat higher materials costs by passing them on to customers and raising prices on some products by as much as 20 percent .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The company said in May it would combat higher materials costs by passing them on to customers and raising prices on some products by as much as 20 percent .	The company said after May it would combat higher materials costs by passing them on to customers and raising prices on some products by as much as 20 percent .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	For manager Jo Khalef , who was employed by Portas in January , the show 's success has come as something of a surprise . ''	For manager Jo Khalef , who was employed by Portas before february , the show 's success has come as something of a surprise . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	For manager Jo Khalef , who was employed by Portas in January , the show 's success has come as something of a surprise . ''	For manager Jo Khalef , who was employed by Portas after January , the show 's success has come as something of a surprise . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The lightning struck at 0920 BST on Thursday as a storm rumbled over the city and surrounding area .	The lightning struck before 921 BST on Thursday as a storm rumbled over the city and surrounding area .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The lightning struck at 0920 BST on Thursday as a storm rumbled over the city and surrounding area .	The lightning struck after 0920 BST on Thursday as a storm rumbled over the city and surrounding area .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Senior U.S. military officers working for the Joint Chiefs of Staff discussed the danger of Russia and China intercepting and doctoring video from drone aircraft in 2004 , but the Pentagon didn ' t begin securing the signals until this year , according to people familiar with the matter .	Senior U.S. military officers working for the Joint Chiefs of Staff discussed the danger of Russia and China intercepting and doctoring video from drone aircraft before 2005 , but the Pentagon didn ' t begin securing the signals until this year , according to people familiar with the matter .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Senior U.S. military officers working for the Joint Chiefs of Staff discussed the danger of Russia and China intercepting and doctoring video from drone aircraft in 2004 , but the Pentagon didn ' t begin securing the signals until this year , according to people familiar with the matter .	Senior U.S. military officers working for the Joint Chiefs of Staff discussed the danger of Russia and China intercepting and doctoring video from drone aircraft after 2004 , but the Pentagon didn ' t begin securing the signals until this year , according to people familiar with the matter .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Jamestown bought the building in 1997 for $ 110 million from Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc , which had snapped it up for $ 27.5 million two years earlier during a New York real estate market slump .	Jamestown bought the building before 1998 for $ 110 million from Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc , which had snapped it up for $ 27.5 million two years earlier during a New York real estate market slump .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Jamestown bought the building in 1997 for $ 110 million from Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc , which had snapped it up for $ 27.5 million two years earlier during a New York real estate market slump .	Jamestown bought the building after 1997 for $ 110 million from Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc , which had snapped it up for $ 27.5 million two years earlier during a New York real estate market slump .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Labor Department reported today that the economy lost 240,000 jobs in October , the steepest one-month decline in a contraction that began last January .	The Labor Department reported today that the economy lost 240,000 jobs before november , the steepest one-month decline in a contraction that began last January .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Labor Department reported today that the economy lost 240,000 jobs in October , the steepest one-month decline in a contraction that began last January .	The Labor Department reported today that the economy lost 240,000 jobs after October , the steepest one-month decline in a contraction that began last January .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In a letter on Monday , Mr Balls said there were '' indications of excellent progress '' in the last year .	In a letter on Monday , Mr Balls said there were '' indications of excellent progress '' after the last year .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Critics say a 1984 material witness law was abused by the Justice Department , and by Judge Mukasey and his judicial colleagues , to hold terrorist suspects indefinitely after Sept .	Critics say a 1984 material witness law was abused by the Justice Department , and by Judge Mukasey and his judicial colleagues , to hold terrorist suspects indefinitely at Sept .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Economic Policy Institute , another liberal Washington think-tank , estimates a 15 percent new job tax credit could create 2.8 million jobs in 2010 at a cost of $ 28 billion .	The Economic Policy Institute , another liberal Washington think-tank , estimates a 15 percent new job tax credit could create 2.8 million jobs before 2011 at a cost of $ 28 billion .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Economic Policy Institute , another liberal Washington think-tank , estimates a 15 percent new job tax credit could create 2.8 million jobs in 2010 at a cost of $ 28 billion .	The Economic Policy Institute , another liberal Washington think-tank , estimates a 15 percent new job tax credit could create 2.8 million jobs after 2010 at a cost of $ 28 billion .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Their home 's value has dropped and they hope to sell it in the next year , but its value is still well above what they bought it for eight years ago . ''	Their home 's value has dropped and they hope to sell it after the next year , but its value is still well above what they bought it for eight years ago . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Another 19pc predict the turning point will come in the final three months of this year , and the remaining 7pc believe the recession will end in the first quarter of 2010 .	Another 19pc predict the turning point will come after the final three months of this year , and the remaining 7pc believe the recession will end in the first quarter of 2010 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This is the most likely fee to be implemented by at least one airline in the near future , Hobica said .	This is the most likely fee to be implemented by at least one airline after the near future , Hobica said .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He confirmed a decision announced in March to set up a nuclear energy authority to be named the Emirates Nuclear Energy Corporation -LRB- ENEC -RRB- , in addition to an international advisory board made up of experts on nuclear safety , security and non-proliferation .	He confirmed a decision announced before april to set up a nuclear energy authority to be named the Emirates Nuclear Energy Corporation -LRB- ENEC -RRB- , in addition to an international advisory board made up of experts on nuclear safety , security and non-proliferation .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He confirmed a decision announced in March to set up a nuclear energy authority to be named the Emirates Nuclear Energy Corporation -LRB- ENEC -RRB- , in addition to an international advisory board made up of experts on nuclear safety , security and non-proliferation .	He confirmed a decision announced after March to set up a nuclear energy authority to be named the Emirates Nuclear Energy Corporation -LRB- ENEC -RRB- , in addition to an international advisory board made up of experts on nuclear safety , security and non-proliferation .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Peterson was arrested in May and charged with first-degree murder in the 2004 death of his third wife , Kathleen Savio .	Peterson was arrested before june and charged with first-degree murder in the 2004 death of his third wife , Kathleen Savio .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Peterson was arrested in May and charged with first-degree murder in the 2004 death of his third wife , Kathleen Savio .	Peterson was arrested after May and charged with first-degree murder in the 2004 death of his third wife , Kathleen Savio .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The sale of Austrian Airlines -LRB- AUA -RRB- was set back until the end of the year on Monday after the only bidder , German flag carrier Lufthansa , ratcheted up its demands at the weekend , the Austrian news agency APA reported .	The sale of Austrian Airlines -LRB- AUA -RRB- was set back until the end of the year on Monday after the only bidder , German flag carrier Lufthansa , ratcheted up its demands after the weekend , the Austrian news agency APA reported .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Then in June , Libya 's NOC claimed that Verenex had acquired Area 47 through an improper bidding process .	Then before july , Libya 's NOC claimed that Verenex had acquired Area 47 through an improper bidding process .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Then in June , Libya 's NOC claimed that Verenex had acquired Area 47 through an improper bidding process .	Then after June , Libya 's NOC claimed that Verenex had acquired Area 47 through an improper bidding process .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	While the NPC meets in March , it can often take years to approve draft legislation .	While the NPC meets before april , it can often take years to approve draft legislation .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	While the NPC meets in March , it can often take years to approve draft legislation .	While the NPC meets after March , it can often take years to approve draft legislation .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Editor 's note : After more than 1,300 columns , this is Ruth Ryon 's last installment of the feature she created in 1984 .	Editor 's note : After more than 1,300 columns , this is Ruth Ryon 's last installment of the feature she created before 1985 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Editor 's note : After more than 1,300 columns , this is Ruth Ryon 's last installment of the feature she created in 1984 .	Editor 's note : After more than 1,300 columns , this is Ruth Ryon 's last installment of the feature she created after 1984 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The grand jury has been meeting since January , trying to determine whether Clemens lied to Congress last year when he denied under oath the use of performance-enhancing drugs .	The grand jury has been meeting since march , trying to determine whether Clemens lied to Congress last year when he denied under oath the use of performance-enhancing drugs .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The grand jury has been meeting since January , trying to determine whether Clemens lied to Congress last year when he denied under oath the use of performance-enhancing drugs .	The grand jury has been meeting before January , trying to determine whether Clemens lied to Congress last year when he denied under oath the use of performance-enhancing drugs .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Hospitals are expected this year to account for 27.8 percent , or $ 51 billion of total healthcare spending , down from 44.7 percent in 1975 .	Hospitals are expected this year to account for 27.8 percent , or $ 51 billion of total healthcare spending , down from 44.7 percent before 1976 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hospitals are expected this year to account for 27.8 percent , or $ 51 billion of total healthcare spending , down from 44.7 percent in 1975 .	Hospitals are expected this year to account for 27.8 percent , or $ 51 billion of total healthcare spending , down from 44.7 percent after 1975 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He said the last time the alert level was that high was the in 2006 , when the North conducted its first nuclear test .	He said the last time the alert level was that high was the before 2007 , when the North conducted its first nuclear test .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He said the last time the alert level was that high was the in 2006 , when the North conducted its first nuclear test .	He said the last time the alert level was that high was the after 2006 , when the North conducted its first nuclear test .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Investors also are awaiting figures that are expected to show that new home sales continued to dwindle in January .	Investors also are awaiting figures that are expected to show that new home sales continued to dwindle before february .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Investors also are awaiting figures that are expected to show that new home sales continued to dwindle in January .	Investors also are awaiting figures that are expected to show that new home sales continued to dwindle after January .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He is to be sentenced in mid-December . ''	He is to be sentenced after mid-December . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Li is an extremely important political leader who is set to fully emerge in the near future , '' said a senior official from the Foreign Office .	Li is an extremely important political leader who is set to fully emerge after the near future , '' said a senior official from the Foreign Office .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	For people 55 to 64 , the numbers also are up , from 54.2 percent in 1985 to 63.8 percent in 2007 .	For people 55 to 64 , the numbers also are up , from 54.2 percent before 1986 to 63.8 percent in 2007 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	For people 55 to 64 , the numbers also are up , from 54.2 percent in 1985 to 63.8 percent in 2007 .	For people 55 to 64 , the numbers also are up , from 54.2 percent after 1985 to 63.8 percent in 2007 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The number of signed sales contracts rose for the seventh month in a row in August , the National Association of Realtors said Thursday .	The number of signed sales contracts rose for the seventh month before a row in september , the National Association of Realtors said Thursday .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The number of signed sales contracts rose for the seventh month in a row in August , the National Association of Realtors said Thursday .	The number of signed sales contracts rose for the seventh month after a row in August , the National Association of Realtors said Thursday .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Next week , says Burns , the company hopes to add a sixth gene to the profile it can provide , and it is '' on schedule to have gene 7 , 8 , 9 , and 10 before the end of the year . ''	Next week , says Burns , the company hopes to add a sixth gene to the profile it can provide , and it is '' on schedule to have gene 7 , 8 , 9 , and 10 at the end of the year . ''	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Then there was the hair-breadth margin of victory : just one tenth of one percentage point , the narrowest winning margin in the 20th Century .	Then there was the hair-breadth margin of victory : just one tenth of one percentage point , the narrowest winning margin after the 20th Century .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Economists polled by Thomson Reuters forecast that the gross domestic product grew at a pace of 5.9 percent in the final three months of 2009 .	Economists polled by Thomson Reuters forecast that the gross domestic product grew at a pace of 5.9 percent after the final three months of 2009 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The recall affects devices with catalog numbers 1355 and 102139 , which have been distributed to 153 hospitals and distributors throughout the United States and other countries since the beginning of clinical studies in November 2003 .	The recall affects devices with catalog numbers 1355 and 102139 , which have been distributed to 153 hospitals and distributors throughout the United States and other countries since the beginning of clinical studies before december 2003 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The recall affects devices with catalog numbers 1355 and 102139 , which have been distributed to 153 hospitals and distributors throughout the United States and other countries since the beginning of clinical studies in November 2003 .	The recall affects devices with catalog numbers 1355 and 102139 , which have been distributed to 153 hospitals and distributors throughout the United States and other countries since the beginning of clinical studies after November 2003 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But prices , which broke through the 100-dollar level at the start of 2008 , remain well above year-ago levels .	But prices , which broke through the 100-dollar level before the start of 2009 , remain well above year-ago levels .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But prices , which broke through the 100-dollar level at the start of 2008 , remain well above year-ago levels .	But prices , which broke through the 100-dollar level after the start of 2008 , remain well above year-ago levels .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Brown was apparently hoping his decision to pull troops from Iraq would distance him from his predecessor Tony Blair , whose parliamentary majority was reduced in 2005 by voters angered over the war .	Brown was apparently hoping his decision to pull troops from Iraq would distance him from his predecessor Tony Blair , whose parliamentary majority was reduced before 2006 by voters angered over the war .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Brown was apparently hoping his decision to pull troops from Iraq would distance him from his predecessor Tony Blair , whose parliamentary majority was reduced in 2005 by voters angered over the war .	Brown was apparently hoping his decision to pull troops from Iraq would distance him from his predecessor Tony Blair , whose parliamentary majority was reduced after 2005 by voters angered over the war .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Sarkozy and his second wife Cecilia split in October after 11 years of marriage .	Sarkozy and his second wife Cecilia split before november after 11 years of marriage .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sarkozy and his second wife Cecilia split in October after 11 years of marriage .	Sarkozy and his second wife Cecilia split after October after 11 years of marriage .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The naval forces have captured six pirate attack teams -- around 60 people -- since October , Christensen said .	The naval forces have captured six pirate attack teams -- around 60 people -- since december , Christensen said .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The naval forces have captured six pirate attack teams -- around 60 people -- since October , Christensen said .	The naval forces have captured six pirate attack teams -- around 60 people -- before October , Christensen said .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The company was founded in 1987 and currently numbers 416 franchisees in the United States and Canada .	The company was founded before 1988 and currently numbers 416 franchisees in the United States and Canada .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The company was founded in 1987 and currently numbers 416 franchisees in the United States and Canada .	The company was founded after 1987 and currently numbers 416 franchisees in the United States and Canada .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Merchandise margins for the fourth quarter ended February 27 rose to 55.8 percent from 44.3 percent a year earlier .	Merchandise margins for the fourth quarter ended February 27 rose to 55.8 percent from 44.3 percent a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The NASA rovers Spirit and Opportunity landed on Mars in January 2004 , on a three-month mission to search for clues about past water activity on the Red Planet . ''	The NASA rovers Spirit and Opportunity landed on Mars before february 2004 , on a three-month mission to search for clues about past water activity on the Red Planet . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The NASA rovers Spirit and Opportunity landed on Mars in January 2004 , on a three-month mission to search for clues about past water activity on the Red Planet . ''	The NASA rovers Spirit and Opportunity landed on Mars after January 2004 , on a three-month mission to search for clues about past water activity on the Red Planet . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	, an exporter in Fujian province in the southeast , fell 20 percent in January from a year earlier , said its sales manager , who would give only her surname , Yang . ''	, an exporter in Fujian province in the southeast , fell 20 percent in January from a year time , said its sales manager , who would give only her surname , Yang . ''	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He had to know from polling that absent something terribly unusual happening in the two months between the end of August and election day , he was a sure loser by a large margin .	He had to know from polling that absent something terribly unusual happening in the two months between the end of july and election day , he was a sure loser by a large margin .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	He had to know from polling that absent something terribly unusual happening in the two months between the end of August and election day , he was a sure loser by a large margin .	He had to know from polling that absent something terribly unusual happening in the two months between the end of september and election day , he was a sure loser by a large margin .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	To the surprise of his Pakistani relatives , he returned to Jhelum just a few weeks later - this time with his son .	To the surprise of his Pakistani relatives , he returned to Jhelum just a few weeks time - this time with his son .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A Segma poll published in Monday 's La Presse newspaper put support for the Conservatives at 43 percent , which would translate into about 183 seats in the 308-seat House of Commons .	A Segma poll published after Monday 's La Presse newspaper put support for the Conservatives at 43 percent , which would translate into about 183 seats in the 308-seat House of Commons .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Still Mickelson said he had enjoyed the experience of playing with Woods for the first time at the Masters since the final round in 2001 .	Still Mickelson said he had enjoyed the experience of playing with Woods for the first time at the Masters since the final round before 2002 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Still Mickelson said he had enjoyed the experience of playing with Woods for the first time at the Masters since the final round in 2001 .	Still Mickelson said he had enjoyed the experience of playing with Woods for the first time at the Masters since the final round after 2001 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Regional water officials said yesterday that they have determined inspectors were on the scene more than 40 years ago when the large water main on River Road that broke in December was improperly installed against jagged rock . ''	Regional water officials said yesterday that they have determined inspectors were on the scene more than 40 years ago when the large water main on River Road that broke before january was improperly installed against jagged rock . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Regional water officials said yesterday that they have determined inspectors were on the scene more than 40 years ago when the large water main on River Road that broke in December was improperly installed against jagged rock . ''	Regional water officials said yesterday that they have determined inspectors were on the scene more than 40 years ago when the large water main on River Road that broke after December was improperly installed against jagged rock . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Then everything New York required to remain viable for the playoffs happened last weekend -- including the Colts waving an unbeaten season goodbye by sitting nearly every starter in the third quarter of a close game .	Then everything New York required to remain viable for the playoffs happened last weekend -- including the Colts waving an unbeaten season goodbye by sitting nearly every starter after the third quarter of a close game .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Metrolink board already has asked its staff to examine options for terminating the contract when it comes up for renewal in 2010 . ''	The Metrolink board already has asked its staff to examine options for terminating the contract when it comes up for renewal before 2011 . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Metrolink board already has asked its staff to examine options for terminating the contract when it comes up for renewal in 2010 . ''	The Metrolink board already has asked its staff to examine options for terminating the contract when it comes up for renewal after 2010 . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Do you think US policy towards Israel could change in the future ?	Do you think US policy towards Israel could change after the future ?	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Connex will run hourly services between 1100 and 1700 GMT from 2 December .	Connex will run hourly services between 1099 and 1700 GMT from 2 December .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Connex will run hourly services between 1100 and 1700 GMT from 2 December .	Connex will run hourly services between 1101 and 1700 GMT from 2 December .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Sedaka 's signature song , '' Breaking Up is Hard to Do , '' with its intro : '' Doo-doo , doo-doo down doo-be do-down , down / come on come on / Down doo-be do-down , down , '' hit No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1962 .	Sedaka 's signature song , '' Breaking Up is Hard to Do , '' with its intro : '' Doo-doo , doo-doo down doo-be do-down , down / come on come on / Down doo-be do-down , down , '' hit No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 before 1963 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sedaka 's signature song , '' Breaking Up is Hard to Do , '' with its intro : '' Doo-doo , doo-doo down doo-be do-down , down / come on come on / Down doo-be do-down , down , '' hit No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1962 .	Sedaka 's signature song , '' Breaking Up is Hard to Do , '' with its intro : '' Doo-doo , doo-doo down doo-be do-down , down / come on come on / Down doo-be do-down , down , '' hit No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 after 1962 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Islam does not specifically ban smoking as it does alcohol , because cigarettes weren ' t around during the Prophet Muhammad 's time in the 7th century .	Islam does not specifically ban smoking as it does alcohol , because cigarettes weren ' t around during the Prophet Muhammad 's time after the 7th century .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Every defensive prod was celebrated as if the crowd were watching a full-length Shane Williams try at the Millennium Stadium , with Ricky Ponting 's patience wearing increasingly thin .	Every defensive prod was celebrated as if the crowd were watching a full-length Shane Williams try after the Millennium Stadium , with Ricky Ponting 's patience wearing increasingly thin .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The EU charges also cover a time when AMD managed to take market share from Intel by launching higher performance microprocessors for servers in 2003 , previously an Intel stronghold .	The EU charges also cover a time when AMD managed to take market share from Intel by launching higher performance microprocessors for servers before 2004 , previously an Intel stronghold .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The EU charges also cover a time when AMD managed to take market share from Intel by launching higher performance microprocessors for servers in 2003 , previously an Intel stronghold .	The EU charges also cover a time when AMD managed to take market share from Intel by launching higher performance microprocessors for servers after 2003 , previously an Intel stronghold .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Of them , the first is set to become operational in 2016 .	Of them , the first is set to become operational before 2017 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Of them , the first is set to become operational in 2016 .	Of them , the first is set to become operational after 2016 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Single European Act , signed in 1986 , owed as much to Margaret Thatcher as any other leader , and the EU 's Competition Directorate is the spearhead of free market ideology -- which is why France 's Nicolas Sarkozy went to such lengths to the gut the competition clause in the Lisbon Treaty .	The Single European Act , signed before 1987 , owed as much to Margaret Thatcher as any other leader , and the EU 's Competition Directorate is the spearhead of free market ideology -- which is why France 's Nicolas Sarkozy went to such lengths to the gut the competition clause in the Lisbon Treaty .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Single European Act , signed in 1986 , owed as much to Margaret Thatcher as any other leader , and the EU 's Competition Directorate is the spearhead of free market ideology -- which is why France 's Nicolas Sarkozy went to such lengths to the gut the competition clause in the Lisbon Treaty .	The Single European Act , signed after 1986 , owed as much to Margaret Thatcher as any other leader , and the EU 's Competition Directorate is the spearhead of free market ideology -- which is why France 's Nicolas Sarkozy went to such lengths to the gut the competition clause in the Lisbon Treaty .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Earnings from many companies , reported in the past month , also support the idea that the economy may hold up .	Earnings from many companies , reported after the past month , also support the idea that the economy may hold up .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	More than 370,000 people have been displaced by the fighting in eastern DR Congo since the start of the year , and on Saturday thousands more were on the move , trying to escape fresh outbreaks of violence .	More than 370,000 people have been displaced by the fighting in eastern DR Congo before the start of the year , and on Saturday thousands more were on the move , trying to escape fresh outbreaks of violence .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The fugitive director fled the States in 1978 to avoid a jail sentence after pleading guilty to unlawful sexual intercourse with a 13-year-old girl .	The fugitive director fled the States before 1979 to avoid a jail sentence after pleading guilty to unlawful sexual intercourse with a 13-year-old girl .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The fugitive director fled the States in 1978 to avoid a jail sentence after pleading guilty to unlawful sexual intercourse with a 13-year-old girl .	The fugitive director fled the States after 1978 to avoid a jail sentence after pleading guilty to unlawful sexual intercourse with a 13-year-old girl .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	SAN FRANCISCO -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Southwest Airlines Co said on Tuesday it plans to cut about 200 flights in the first quarter of 2009 as it tries to focus on more profitable flights to combat high fuel costs and a slow economy .	SAN FRANCISCO -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Southwest Airlines Co said on Tuesday it plans to cut about 200 flights before the first quarter of 2010 as it tries to focus on more profitable flights to combat high fuel costs and a slow economy .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	SAN FRANCISCO -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Southwest Airlines Co said on Tuesday it plans to cut about 200 flights in the first quarter of 2009 as it tries to focus on more profitable flights to combat high fuel costs and a slow economy .	SAN FRANCISCO -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Southwest Airlines Co said on Tuesday it plans to cut about 200 flights after the first quarter of 2009 as it tries to focus on more profitable flights to combat high fuel costs and a slow economy .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He won the Newcastle upon Tyne Central seat in 1983 , having unsuccessfully contested it in 1979 .	He won the Newcastle upon Tyne Central seat before 1984 , having unsuccessfully contested it in 1979 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He won the Newcastle upon Tyne Central seat in 1983 , having unsuccessfully contested it in 1979 .	He won the Newcastle upon Tyne Central seat after 1983 , having unsuccessfully contested it in 1979 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He got the job , and a year later , it led to an offer from Bill Blass -LRB- the design house -RRB- , where he became the head designer in 2001 .	He got the job , and a year later , it led to an offer from Bill Blass -LRB- the design house -RRB- , where he became the head designer before 2002 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He got the job , and a year later , it led to an offer from Bill Blass -LRB- the design house -RRB- , where he became the head designer in 2001 .	He got the job , and a year later , it led to an offer from Bill Blass -LRB- the design house -RRB- , where he became the head designer after 2001 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It churned out 38 million tons of coal in 2009 , 1.2 million tons of which came from the Upper Big Branch South Mine , and reported earnings of $ 497 million .	It churned out 38 million tons of coal before 2010 , 1.2 million tons of which came from the Upper Big Branch South Mine , and reported earnings of $ 497 million .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It churned out 38 million tons of coal in 2009 , 1.2 million tons of which came from the Upper Big Branch South Mine , and reported earnings of $ 497 million .	It churned out 38 million tons of coal after 2009 , 1.2 million tons of which came from the Upper Big Branch South Mine , and reported earnings of $ 497 million .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	By laying out its own parameters for a just peace , the US might just confront Netanyahu with the stark choice between compliance or the kind of rift with Washington that helped to sink his first government in 1999 .	By laying out its own parameters for a just peace , the US might just confront Netanyahu with the stark choice between compliance or the kind of rift with Washington that helped to sink his first government before 2000 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	By laying out its own parameters for a just peace , the US might just confront Netanyahu with the stark choice between compliance or the kind of rift with Washington that helped to sink his first government in 1999 .	By laying out its own parameters for a just peace , the US might just confront Netanyahu with the stark choice between compliance or the kind of rift with Washington that helped to sink his first government after 1999 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	After -LSB- Eric and Dylan were arrested in January 1998 for breaking into a van -RSB- Wayne Harris ' journal was rife with activity .	After -LSB- Eric and Dylan were arrested before february 1998 for breaking into a van -RSB- Wayne Harris ' journal was rife with activity .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	After -LSB- Eric and Dylan were arrested in January 1998 for breaking into a van -RSB- Wayne Harris ' journal was rife with activity .	After -LSB- Eric and Dylan were arrested after January 1998 for breaking into a van -RSB- Wayne Harris ' journal was rife with activity .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	However , he had contacted the team about returning nearly two months later , sparking a summer-long melodrama in which the Packers were forced to decide between retaining the 39-year-old future Hall of Famer or handing starting job to Aaron Rodgers .	However , he had contacted the team about returning nearly two months time , sparking a summer-long melodrama in which the Packers were forced to decide between retaining the 39-year-old future Hall of Famer or handing starting job to Aaron Rodgers .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He went into a coma and died a month later .	He went into a coma and died a month time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	October 1 is the birthday of the People 's Republic of China , the date in 1949 when Chairman Mao stood on the gate to the Forbidden City -- former palace of the emperors -- and declared the formal founding of Communist Party rule .	October 1 is the birthday of the People 's Republic of China , the date before 1950 when Chairman Mao stood on the gate to the Forbidden City -- former palace of the emperors -- and declared the formal founding of Communist Party rule .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	October 1 is the birthday of the People 's Republic of China , the date in 1949 when Chairman Mao stood on the gate to the Forbidden City -- former palace of the emperors -- and declared the formal founding of Communist Party rule .	October 1 is the birthday of the People 's Republic of China , the date after 1949 when Chairman Mao stood on the gate to the Forbidden City -- former palace of the emperors -- and declared the formal founding of Communist Party rule .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Technically , the initiative is alive ; the signatures to get it on the ballot are not due until December , and initiatives have found 11th-hour white knights in past years . ''	Technically , the initiative is alive ; the signatures to get it on the ballot are not due until December , and initiatives have found 11th-hour white knights after past years . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Loser Shields -LRB- 6-8 -RRB- gave up two hits in 7 1 / 3 innings .	Loser Shields -LRB- 6-8 -RRB- gave up two hits before 8 1 / 3 innings .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Loser Shields -LRB- 6-8 -RRB- gave up two hits in 7 1 / 3 innings .	Loser Shields -LRB- 6-8 -RRB- gave up two hits after 7 1 / 3 innings .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And yet its performance in the past year provides another example of the rich gutting the rich .	And yet its performance after the past year provides another example of the rich gutting the rich .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	There are six stages remaining in this year 's tour , which concludes Sunday with a ride into Paris .	There are six stages remaining after this year 's tour , which concludes Sunday with a ride into Paris .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	With a 2.7-inch LCD screen , this feature-rich digital camera is offered at an MSRP of $ 89.99 and will be available in March in black , silver and red colors .	With a 2.7-inch LCD screen , this feature-rich digital camera is offered at an MSRP of $ 89.99 and will be available before april in black , silver and red colors .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	With a 2.7-inch LCD screen , this feature-rich digital camera is offered at an MSRP of $ 89.99 and will be available in March in black , silver and red colors .	With a 2.7-inch LCD screen , this feature-rich digital camera is offered at an MSRP of $ 89.99 and will be available after March in black , silver and red colors .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Five years later , however , the court ruled unconstitutional a holiday season display of Christ 's birth in the city building in Pittsburgh .	Five years time , however , the court ruled unconstitutional a holiday season display of Christ 's birth in the city building in Pittsburgh .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Arriving at Ratzeburg in 1799 , Samuel Taylor Coleridge reported that German families gave each other presents at Christmas as if this was the most extraordinarily clever innovation .	Arriving at Ratzeburg before 1800 , Samuel Taylor Coleridge reported that German families gave each other presents at Christmas as if this was the most extraordinarily clever innovation .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Arriving at Ratzeburg in 1799 , Samuel Taylor Coleridge reported that German families gave each other presents at Christmas as if this was the most extraordinarily clever innovation .	Arriving at Ratzeburg after 1799 , Samuel Taylor Coleridge reported that German families gave each other presents at Christmas as if this was the most extraordinarily clever innovation .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	With Ronan Keating , he had been one of the group 's two main vocalists before the group disbanded in 2000 .	With Ronan Keating , he had been one of the group 's two main vocalists before the group disbanded before 2001 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	With Ronan Keating , he had been one of the group 's two main vocalists before the group disbanded in 2000 .	With Ronan Keating , he had been one of the group 's two main vocalists before the group disbanded after 2000 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Tejada admitted he withheld information about an ex-teammate 's use of steroids and human growth hormone when questioned by a House committee 's investigators in August 2005 .	Tejada admitted he withheld information about an ex-teammate 's use of steroids and human growth hormone when questioned by a House committee 's investigators before september 2005 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Tejada admitted he withheld information about an ex-teammate 's use of steroids and human growth hormone when questioned by a House committee 's investigators in August 2005 .	Tejada admitted he withheld information about an ex-teammate 's use of steroids and human growth hormone when questioned by a House committee 's investigators after August 2005 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The index fell by 1 per cent from January last year , the largest decline since October 2006 .	The index fell by 1 per cent from January last year , the largest decline since december 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The index fell by 1 per cent from January last year , the largest decline since October 2006 .	The index fell by 1 per cent from January last year , the largest decline before October 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Between 2003 and 2007 , the Department of Labor 's Bureau of Labor Statistics says the number of layoffs in January outpaced December layoffs every year but 2006 .	Between 2003 and 2007 , the Department of Labor 's Bureau of Labor Statistics says the number of layoffs before february outpaced December layoffs every year but 2006 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Between 2003 and 2007 , the Department of Labor 's Bureau of Labor Statistics says the number of layoffs in January outpaced December layoffs every year but 2006 .	Between 2003 and 2007 , the Department of Labor 's Bureau of Labor Statistics says the number of layoffs after January outpaced December layoffs every year but 2006 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Just a few days earlier , People for the American Way , the left-wing advocacy group , took out a full-page ad in the Times defending ACORN .	Just a few days time , People for the American Way , the left-wing advocacy group , took out a full-page ad in the Times defending ACORN .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Alex Rodriguez , who missed both games of Saturday 's double-header with a stiff neck , was the designated hitter in Sunday 's game .	Alex Rodriguez , who missed both games of Saturday 's double-header with a stiff neck , was the designated hitter after Sunday 's game .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Ford has promised an electric Focus in 2011 ; enthusiasts can expect a turbocharged EcoBoost version .	Ford has promised an electric Focus before 2012 ; enthusiasts can expect a turbocharged EcoBoost version .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ford has promised an electric Focus in 2011 ; enthusiasts can expect a turbocharged EcoBoost version .	Ford has promised an electric Focus after 2011 ; enthusiasts can expect a turbocharged EcoBoost version .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The deal was completed in January after months of wrangling in Europe over whether the deal would violate antitrust laws .	The deal was completed before february after months of wrangling in Europe over whether the deal would violate antitrust laws .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The deal was completed in January after months of wrangling in Europe over whether the deal would violate antitrust laws .	The deal was completed after January after months of wrangling in Europe over whether the deal would violate antitrust laws .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Six days earlier , the body of club doorman James Forbes was discovered hanging from a tree on an industrial estate in Margam by his brother .	Six days time , the body of club doorman James Forbes was discovered hanging from a tree on an industrial estate in Margam by his brother .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	If you 're looking for pumpkins in the last week of October , you might be disappointed , '' Bogash said .	If you 're looking for pumpkins before the last week of november , you might be disappointed , '' Bogash said .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	If you 're looking for pumpkins in the last week of October , you might be disappointed , '' Bogash said .	If you 're looking for pumpkins after the last week of October , you might be disappointed , '' Bogash said .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The company earned $ 256 million , or 46 cents per share , in the first fiscal quarter ended Nov .	The company earned $ 256 million , or 46 cents per share , after the first fiscal quarter ended Nov .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	As the GCC meeting ended , the Riyadh bourse 's Tawadul All-Shares Index -LRB- TASI -RRB- closed 8.7 percent weaker at 5,624.68 , having dropped as low as 5,564.96 points , a level last seen in May 2004 .	As the GCC meeting ended , the Riyadh bourse 's Tawadul All-Shares Index -LRB- TASI -RRB- closed 8.7 percent weaker at 5,624.68 , having dropped as low as 5,564.96 points , a level last seen before june 2004 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	As the GCC meeting ended , the Riyadh bourse 's Tawadul All-Shares Index -LRB- TASI -RRB- closed 8.7 percent weaker at 5,624.68 , having dropped as low as 5,564.96 points , a level last seen in May 2004 .	As the GCC meeting ended , the Riyadh bourse 's Tawadul All-Shares Index -LRB- TASI -RRB- closed 8.7 percent weaker at 5,624.68 , having dropped as low as 5,564.96 points , a level last seen after May 2004 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Wilson recorded her eighth double-double in the past nine games and 13th overall this season .	Wilson recorded her eighth double-double after the past nine games and 13th overall this season .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He became a free agent in July .	He became a free agent before august .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He became a free agent in July .	He became a free agent after July .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The economy started shrinking in March 2001 , largely because of the hangover from the technology bust .	The economy started shrinking before april 2001 , largely because of the hangover from the technology bust .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The economy started shrinking in March 2001 , largely because of the hangover from the technology bust .	The economy started shrinking after March 2001 , largely because of the hangover from the technology bust .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Revenues from the marketplaces was $ 1.4 bn , down one per cent from a year earlier , but 13 per cent from the previous quarter .	Revenues from the marketplaces was $ 1.4 bn , down one per cent from a year time , but 13 per cent from the previous quarter .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	China 's exports in January increased 26.7 % to $ 109.7 bn , the biggest year-on-year rise in six months .	China 's exports before february increased 26.7 % to $ 109.7 bn , the biggest year-on-year rise in six months .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	China 's exports in January increased 26.7 % to $ 109.7 bn , the biggest year-on-year rise in six months .	China 's exports after January increased 26.7 % to $ 109.7 bn , the biggest year-on-year rise in six months .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Consumer Confidence Index now stands at 62.3 in April , down from the revised 65.9 in March , said the Conference Board , a private research group .	The Consumer Confidence Index now stands at 62.3 before may , down from the revised 65.9 in March , said the Conference Board , a private research group .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Consumer Confidence Index now stands at 62.3 in April , down from the revised 65.9 in March , said the Conference Board , a private research group .	The Consumer Confidence Index now stands at 62.3 after April , down from the revised 65.9 in March , said the Conference Board , a private research group .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he will not decide whether to run for a second term as mayor in 2012 until the end of next year .	London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he will not decide whether to run for a second term as mayor before 2013 until the end of next year .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he will not decide whether to run for a second term as mayor in 2012 until the end of next year .	London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he will not decide whether to run for a second term as mayor after 2012 until the end of next year .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke and Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson were facing another day of testimony , after Tuesday 's cold-shoulder reception by senators balking at a swift passage of the bailout .	Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke and Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson were facing another day of testimony , at Tuesday 's cold-shoulder reception by senators balking at a swift passage of the bailout .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	There has been speculation that Israel might strike after the November presidential election in the US , but before January when the winner takes office . ''	There has been speculation that Israel might strike after the November presidential election in the US , but before december when the winner takes office . ''	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	There has been speculation that Israel might strike after the November presidential election in the US , but before January when the winner takes office . ''	There has been speculation that Israel might strike after the November presidential election in the US , but before february when the winner takes office . ''	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	There has been speculation that Israel might strike after the November presidential election in the US , but before January when the winner takes office . ''	There has been speculation that Israel might strike after the November presidential election in the US , but at January when the winner takes office . ''	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Gators -LRB- 8-0 , 6-0 -RRB- played its most well-rounded game in weeks , extended the nation 's longest winning streak to 18 games and clinched the SEC East title when Tennessee beat South Carolina 31-13 later Saturday .	The Gators -LRB- 8-0 , 6-0 -RRB- played its most well-rounded game in weeks , extended the nation 's longest winning streak to 18 games and clinched the SEC East title when Tennessee beat South Carolina 31-13 time Saturday .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Editors didn ' t flag it until more than six years later , when it appeared in an article in Glamour magazine .	Editors didn ' t flag it until more than six years time , when it appeared in an article in Glamour magazine .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	House prices : The Nationwide Building Society said that house prices fell a further 1.4 per cent in September , the twelfth month in succession , to stand 14.6 per cent lower over the past year .	House prices : The Nationwide Building Society said that house prices fell a further 1.4 per cent before october , the twelfth month in succession , to stand 14.6 per cent lower over the past year .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	House prices : The Nationwide Building Society said that house prices fell a further 1.4 per cent in September , the twelfth month in succession , to stand 14.6 per cent lower over the past year .	House prices : The Nationwide Building Society said that house prices fell a further 1.4 per cent after September , the twelfth month in succession , to stand 14.6 per cent lower over the past year .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	BUSH : That 's the woman whose party , the National League for Democracy , was elected in 1990 , and since then the military has kept her in house arrest for most of the years since then . ''	BUSH : That 's the woman whose party , the National League for Democracy , was elected before 1991 , and since then the military has kept her in house arrest for most of the years since then . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	BUSH : That 's the woman whose party , the National League for Democracy , was elected in 1990 , and since then the military has kept her in house arrest for most of the years since then . ''	BUSH : That 's the woman whose party , the National League for Democracy , was elected after 1990 , and since then the military has kept her in house arrest for most of the years since then . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In 2007 Roberto was deported from China for illegally conquering its tallest building , only to have officials invite him back in November to legitimately climb a mountain in central China as a tourist attraction .	In 2007 Roberto was deported from China for illegally conquering its tallest building , only to have officials invite him back before december to legitimately climb a mountain in central China as a tourist attraction .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In 2007 Roberto was deported from China for illegally conquering its tallest building , only to have officials invite him back in November to legitimately climb a mountain in central China as a tourist attraction .	In 2007 Roberto was deported from China for illegally conquering its tallest building , only to have officials invite him back after November to legitimately climb a mountain in central China as a tourist attraction .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	More recently , Senator Barack Obama , the Democratic presidential candidate , opted against holding a private fund-raiser there for the same reasons , The New York Post reported in August .	More recently , Senator Barack Obama , the Democratic presidential candidate , opted against holding a private fund-raiser there for the same reasons , The New York Post reported before september .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	More recently , Senator Barack Obama , the Democratic presidential candidate , opted against holding a private fund-raiser there for the same reasons , The New York Post reported in August .	More recently , Senator Barack Obama , the Democratic presidential candidate , opted against holding a private fund-raiser there for the same reasons , The New York Post reported after August .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hours earlier , Secretary of State William F. Galvin delivered official copies of the election results to the Governor 's Council . ''	Hours time , Secretary of State William F. Galvin delivered official copies of the election results to the Governor 's Council . ''	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But the profit was well below the $ 19.3 billion earned in the first quarter of 2008 . ''	But the profit was well below the $ 19.3 billion earned before the first quarter of 2009 . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But the profit was well below the $ 19.3 billion earned in the first quarter of 2008 . ''	But the profit was well below the $ 19.3 billion earned after the first quarter of 2008 . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The move to reopen ivory trade -- banned since 1989 with the exception of a few one-time sales -- comes on the heels of a dramatic surge in illegal trafficking since 2005 .	The move to reopen ivory trade -- banned since 1991 with the exception of a few one-time sales -- comes on the heels of a dramatic surge in illegal trafficking since 2005 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The move to reopen ivory trade -- banned since 1989 with the exception of a few one-time sales -- comes on the heels of a dramatic surge in illegal trafficking since 2005 .	The move to reopen ivory trade -- banned before 1989 with the exception of a few one-time sales -- comes on the heels of a dramatic surge in illegal trafficking since 2005 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Textron , which makes business jets , helicopters and golf carts , posted third-quarter earnings of $ 4 million , or a penny a share , down sharply from $ 206 million , or 83 cents per share , a year earlier .	Textron , which makes business jets , helicopters and golf carts , posted third-quarter earnings of $ 4 million , or a penny a share , down sharply from $ 206 million , or 83 cents per share , a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Kyoto Protocol , as well as many European countries , uses the levels of greenhouse gases in 1990 as a baseline , or starting point , in quantifying reductions in carbon emissions .	The Kyoto Protocol , as well as many European countries , uses the levels of greenhouse gases before 1991 as a baseline , or starting point , in quantifying reductions in carbon emissions .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Kyoto Protocol , as well as many European countries , uses the levels of greenhouse gases in 1990 as a baseline , or starting point , in quantifying reductions in carbon emissions .	The Kyoto Protocol , as well as many European countries , uses the levels of greenhouse gases after 1990 as a baseline , or starting point , in quantifying reductions in carbon emissions .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	That was despite recent stock market volatility and a 30 % slump in Chinese shares since last October .	That was despite recent stock market volatility and a 30 % slump in Chinese shares since last december .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That was despite recent stock market volatility and a 30 % slump in Chinese shares since last October .	That was despite recent stock market volatility and a 30 % slump in Chinese shares before last October .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Although it has attempted to expand lending since it was privatised in 2007 , Japan Post has largely failed to make inroads in new businesses and remains dependent on buying JGBs .	Although it has attempted to expand lending since it was privatised before 2008 , Japan Post has largely failed to make inroads in new businesses and remains dependent on buying JGBs .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Although it has attempted to expand lending since it was privatised in 2007 , Japan Post has largely failed to make inroads in new businesses and remains dependent on buying JGBs .	Although it has attempted to expand lending since it was privatised after 2007 , Japan Post has largely failed to make inroads in new businesses and remains dependent on buying JGBs .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	During the day , Mr Philps removed what he regarded was the most offensive material but he did not complete or submit a compliance form until after the following week .	During the day , Mr Philps removed what he regarded was the most offensive material but he did not complete or submit a compliance form until at the following week .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Joseph P. Schwieterman , a professor of public service management at DePaul University , said growth in the bus industry has accelerated recently -- reversing steady declines since 1960 -- as low-cost carriers such as Coach USA 's Megabus and Greyhound 's Boltbus take aim at the lucrative curbside business of so-called Chinatown operators .	Joseph P. Schwieterman , a professor of public service management at DePaul University , said growth in the bus industry has accelerated recently -- reversing steady declines since 1962 -- as low-cost carriers such as Coach USA 's Megabus and Greyhound 's Boltbus take aim at the lucrative curbside business of so-called Chinatown operators .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Joseph P. Schwieterman , a professor of public service management at DePaul University , said growth in the bus industry has accelerated recently -- reversing steady declines since 1960 -- as low-cost carriers such as Coach USA 's Megabus and Greyhound 's Boltbus take aim at the lucrative curbside business of so-called Chinatown operators .	Joseph P. Schwieterman , a professor of public service management at DePaul University , said growth in the bus industry has accelerated recently -- reversing steady declines before 1960 -- as low-cost carriers such as Coach USA 's Megabus and Greyhound 's Boltbus take aim at the lucrative curbside business of so-called Chinatown operators .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Emma Thompson , reprising her role as the snaggle-toothed childminder Nanny McPhee , is at present being trailed in every multiplex .	Emma Thompson , reprising her role as the snaggle-toothed childminder Nanny McPhee , is after present being trailed in every multiplex .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Invalided out of the Army in 1944 , he decided on a career in journalism , beginning in 1947 as a freelance football reporter for the Daily Express .	Invalided out of the Army before 1945 , he decided on a career in journalism , beginning in 1947 as a freelance football reporter for the Daily Express .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Invalided out of the Army in 1944 , he decided on a career in journalism , beginning in 1947 as a freelance football reporter for the Daily Express .	Invalided out of the Army after 1944 , he decided on a career in journalism , beginning in 1947 as a freelance football reporter for the Daily Express .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But since 2005 , a flurry of research on Alzheimer 's in developing countries has been published , leading Alzheimer 's Disease International - a nonprofit federation of more than 70 national groups - to ask those scientists to re-evaluate .	But since 2007 , a flurry of research on Alzheimer 's in developing countries has been published , leading Alzheimer 's Disease International - a nonprofit federation of more than 70 national groups - to ask those scientists to re-evaluate .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But since 2005 , a flurry of research on Alzheimer 's in developing countries has been published , leading Alzheimer 's Disease International - a nonprofit federation of more than 70 national groups - to ask those scientists to re-evaluate .	But before 2005 , a flurry of research on Alzheimer 's in developing countries has been published , leading Alzheimer 's Disease International - a nonprofit federation of more than 70 national groups - to ask those scientists to re-evaluate .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	However , an internal investigation uncovered allegations that a romantic relationship between Williams and the inmate began at least in April as she guarded him during the graveyard shift at the state 's Varner Unit .	However , an internal investigation uncovered allegations that a romantic relationship between Williams and the inmate began at least before may as she guarded him during the graveyard shift at the state 's Varner Unit .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	However , an internal investigation uncovered allegations that a romantic relationship between Williams and the inmate began at least in April as she guarded him during the graveyard shift at the state 's Varner Unit .	However , an internal investigation uncovered allegations that a romantic relationship between Williams and the inmate began at least after April as she guarded him during the graveyard shift at the state 's Varner Unit .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	When Kopitar somehow sneaked a long deflected puck into the top near corner of Nabokov 's net from near the blue line late in the second period , Sharks coach Todd McLellan replaced Nabokov with Greiss , the German rookie making his first NHL appearance since March 20 , 2008 .	When Kopitar somehow sneaked a long deflected puck into the top near corner of Nabokov 's net from near the blue line late after the second period , Sharks coach Todd McLellan replaced Nabokov with Greiss , the German rookie making his first NHL appearance since March 20 , 2008 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A Metropolitan Police spokesman said the men , aged between 14 and 18 , and 21-year-old woman will answer bail in late November .	A Metropolitan Police spokesman said the men , aged between 14 and 18 , and 21-year-old woman will answer bail before late december .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A Metropolitan Police spokesman said the men , aged between 14 and 18 , and 21-year-old woman will answer bail in late November .	A Metropolitan Police spokesman said the men , aged between 14 and 18 , and 21-year-old woman will answer bail after late November .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	CGES said the Northern Hemisphere winter temperatures and weather forecasts would also affect oil demand , supply and prices in the coming months .	CGES said the Northern Hemisphere winter temperatures and weather forecasts would also affect oil demand , supply and prices after the coming months .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Gross Profit : Gross profit was $ 13.0 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2009 , compared to $ 15.7 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2008 .	Gross Profit : Gross profit was $ 13.0 million after the first quarter of fiscal 2009 , compared to $ 15.7 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2008 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Two men - Simon Taylor , 20 , from Wigan , and Kevin O ` Dea , 22 , of County Donegal - were convicted of the manslaughter of Mr Hardy after a trial in April .	Two men - Simon Taylor , 20 , from Wigan , and Kevin O ` Dea , 22 , of County Donegal - were convicted of the manslaughter of Mr Hardy after a trial before may .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two men - Simon Taylor , 20 , from Wigan , and Kevin O ` Dea , 22 , of County Donegal - were convicted of the manslaughter of Mr Hardy after a trial in April .	Two men - Simon Taylor , 20 , from Wigan , and Kevin O ` Dea , 22 , of County Donegal - were convicted of the manslaughter of Mr Hardy after a trial after April .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	North Sea oil companies ' rate of return leapt to 49.8 per cent in the fourth quarter .	North Sea oil companies ' rate of return leapt to 49.8 per cent after the fourth quarter .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	McGoldrick was convicted of 59 counts of fraud in February and jailed at Manchester Crown Court on Monday .	McGoldrick was convicted of 59 counts of fraud before march and jailed at Manchester Crown Court on Monday .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	McGoldrick was convicted of 59 counts of fraud in February and jailed at Manchester Crown Court on Monday .	McGoldrick was convicted of 59 counts of fraud after February and jailed at Manchester Crown Court on Monday .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Logan football stadium had been constructed in 1925 .	The Logan football stadium had been constructed before 1926 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Logan football stadium had been constructed in 1925 .	The Logan football stadium had been constructed after 1925 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	During the debt crises in the 1980s , people in Maryland and Ohio may remember people lined up outside the few remaining uninsured savings and loans .	During the debt crises after the 1980s , people in Maryland and Ohio may remember people lined up outside the few remaining uninsured savings and loans .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Ableman is the unofficial historian of the presidents race , chronicling every running since 2007 .	Ableman is the unofficial historian of the presidents race , chronicling every running since 2009 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ableman is the unofficial historian of the presidents race , chronicling every running since 2007 .	Ableman is the unofficial historian of the presidents race , chronicling every running before 2007 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Demjanjuk says he was a Red Army soldier captured in 1942 by the Germans and then moved around various prisoner-of-war camps .	Demjanjuk says he was a Red Army soldier captured before 1943 by the Germans and then moved around various prisoner-of-war camps .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Demjanjuk says he was a Red Army soldier captured in 1942 by the Germans and then moved around various prisoner-of-war camps .	Demjanjuk says he was a Red Army soldier captured after 1942 by the Germans and then moved around various prisoner-of-war camps .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	ArmorGroup was awarded the five-year , $ 189.3 million deal in 2007 .	ArmorGroup was awarded the five-year , $ 189.3 million deal before 2008 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	ArmorGroup was awarded the five-year , $ 189.3 million deal in 2007 .	ArmorGroup was awarded the five-year , $ 189.3 million deal after 2007 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It was first made in the 1880s and was created as a health tonic , before being changed to become a smoother , medicated wine .	It was first made after the 1880s and was created as a health tonic , before being changed to become a smoother , medicated wine .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Sabathia -LRB- 19-7 -RRB- won his 100th game at the age of 27 years , 100 days , the youngest pitcher since Greg Maddux in 1993 to reach 100 wins .	Sabathia -LRB- 19-7 -RRB- won his 100th game at the age of 27 years , 100 days , the youngest pitcher since Greg Maddux before 1994 to reach 100 wins .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sabathia -LRB- 19-7 -RRB- won his 100th game at the age of 27 years , 100 days , the youngest pitcher since Greg Maddux in 1993 to reach 100 wins .	Sabathia -LRB- 19-7 -RRB- won his 100th game at the age of 27 years , 100 days , the youngest pitcher since Greg Maddux after 1993 to reach 100 wins .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Our Basic Law stipulates that elections must be held before January 24th , 2010 , '' Abbas told a news conference after meeting Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero .	Our Basic Law stipulates that elections must be held before december 24th , 2010 , '' Abbas told a news conference after meeting Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Our Basic Law stipulates that elections must be held before January 24th , 2010 , '' Abbas told a news conference after meeting Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero .	Our Basic Law stipulates that elections must be held before february 24th , 2010 , '' Abbas told a news conference after meeting Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Our Basic Law stipulates that elections must be held before January 24th , 2010 , '' Abbas told a news conference after meeting Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero .	Our Basic Law stipulates that elections must be held at January 24th , 2010 , '' Abbas told a news conference after meeting Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Japan 's economy staged a stunning recovery from the ashes of World War II and in the 1980s it was widely predicted to outstrip the United States .	Japan 's economy staged a stunning recovery from the ashes of World War II and after the 1980s it was widely predicted to outstrip the United States .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The arrests were made the week before Easter and came quickly after Britain 's chief terrorism officer , who has since resigned , exposed a list of people who were suspected of planning an al Qaeda-linked attack .	The arrests were made the week at Easter and came quickly after Britain 's chief terrorism officer , who has since resigned , exposed a list of people who were suspected of planning an al Qaeda-linked attack .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	For the full year , revenue grew 11 percent to $ 4.17 billion from $ 3.76 billion in 2007 .	For the full year , revenue grew 11 percent to $ 4.17 billion from $ 3.76 billion before 2008 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	For the full year , revenue grew 11 percent to $ 4.17 billion from $ 3.76 billion in 2007 .	For the full year , revenue grew 11 percent to $ 4.17 billion from $ 3.76 billion after 2007 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But there was no evidence earlier in the week he had the injury .	But there was no evidence earlier after the week he had the injury .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr Moore says he was sacked in 2005 for blowing the whistle .	Mr Moore says he was sacked before 2006 for blowing the whistle .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr Moore says he was sacked in 2005 for blowing the whistle .	Mr Moore says he was sacked after 2005 for blowing the whistle .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The man suffered serious head injuries in the attack which happened between 0030 and 0139 BST on Albany Street in Newport .	The man suffered serious head injuries in the attack which happened between 29 and 0139 BST on Albany Street in Newport .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The man suffered serious head injuries in the attack which happened between 0030 and 0139 BST on Albany Street in Newport .	The man suffered serious head injuries in the attack which happened between 31 and 0139 BST on Albany Street in Newport .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The book will be published by Simon & Schuster 's Threshold Editions imprint , founded in 2005 and headed by a longtime Cheney friend and former aide : Republican strategist Mary Matalin .	The book will be published by Simon & Schuster 's Threshold Editions imprint , founded before 2006 and headed by a longtime Cheney friend and former aide : Republican strategist Mary Matalin .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The book will be published by Simon & Schuster 's Threshold Editions imprint , founded in 2005 and headed by a longtime Cheney friend and former aide : Republican strategist Mary Matalin .	The book will be published by Simon & Schuster 's Threshold Editions imprint , founded after 2005 and headed by a longtime Cheney friend and former aide : Republican strategist Mary Matalin .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Many companies rely on safe harbor rules , basing their estimated quarterly tax payments on what they paid in the previous year .	Many companies rely on safe harbor rules , basing their estimated quarterly tax payments on what they paid after the previous year .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Several injuries were reported in Saturday 's unrest , which came a day before the Shiite Muslim mourning ceremony of Ashoura .	Several injuries were reported after Saturday 's unrest , which came a day before the Shiite Muslim mourning ceremony of Ashoura .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Twenty minutes later , I stroll out the door , gray socks on my feet , pants flapping around my shins .	Twenty minutes time , I stroll out the door , gray socks on my feet , pants flapping around my shins .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Glenn Johnson immediately started on the paperwork , not expecting his request for a leave to be granted because he is scheduled to come home for good in June .	Glenn Johnson immediately started on the paperwork , not expecting his request for a leave to be granted because he is scheduled to come home for good before july .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Glenn Johnson immediately started on the paperwork , not expecting his request for a leave to be granted because he is scheduled to come home for good in June .	Glenn Johnson immediately started on the paperwork , not expecting his request for a leave to be granted because he is scheduled to come home for good after June .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	We expensed $ 475 thousand , net of tax , in the second quarter of 2009 for this assessment .	We expensed $ 475 thousand , net of tax , before the second quarter of 2010 for this assessment .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	We expensed $ 475 thousand , net of tax , in the second quarter of 2009 for this assessment .	We expensed $ 475 thousand , net of tax , after the second quarter of 2009 for this assessment .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A spokesman for North Wales Police said the teenager was airlifted off the mountain at 1710 BST .	A spokesman for North Wales Police said the teenager was airlifted off the mountain before 1711 BST .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A spokesman for North Wales Police said the teenager was airlifted off the mountain at 1710 BST .	A spokesman for North Wales Police said the teenager was airlifted off the mountain after 1710 BST .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Melbourne race lost the state almost 35 million Australian dollars -LRB- 33 million US -RRB- of taxpayer money in 2007 and has been budgeted for more than 40 million dollars this year .	The Melbourne race lost the state almost 35 million Australian dollars -LRB- 33 million US -RRB- of taxpayer money before 2008 and has been budgeted for more than 40 million dollars this year .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Melbourne race lost the state almost 35 million Australian dollars -LRB- 33 million US -RRB- of taxpayer money in 2007 and has been budgeted for more than 40 million dollars this year .	The Melbourne race lost the state almost 35 million Australian dollars -LRB- 33 million US -RRB- of taxpayer money after 2007 and has been budgeted for more than 40 million dollars this year .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Conference Board 's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 50.4 , the lowest level since February 1992 .	The Conference Board 's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 50.4 , the lowest level since april 1992 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Conference Board 's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 50.4 , the lowest level since February 1992 .	The Conference Board 's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 50.4 , the lowest level before February 1992 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Commerce Department said today that the nation 's gross domestic product , or total goods and services produced , contracted in the second quarter at an annual pace of 1 % .	The Commerce Department said today that the nation 's gross domestic product , or total goods and services produced , contracted after the second quarter at an annual pace of 1 % .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	, sought protection from creditors under Chapter 7 of the federal bankruptcy code in May .	, sought protection from creditors under Chapter 7 of the federal bankruptcy code before june .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	, sought protection from creditors under Chapter 7 of the federal bankruptcy code in May .	, sought protection from creditors under Chapter 7 of the federal bankruptcy code after May .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Last win : Marcus Morris had career highs of 33 points and 13 rebounds in 84-79 win over Iowa State .	Last win : Marcus Morris had career highs of 33 points and 13 rebounds after 84-79 win over Iowa State .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He survived the crash -- and two readings of the last rites -- to lead Manchester United in 1968 to the first-ever triumph for an English team in the European Cup .	He survived the crash -- and two readings of the last rites -- to lead Manchester United before 1969 to the first-ever triumph for an English team in the European Cup .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He survived the crash -- and two readings of the last rites -- to lead Manchester United in 1968 to the first-ever triumph for an English team in the European Cup .	He survived the crash -- and two readings of the last rites -- to lead Manchester United after 1968 to the first-ever triumph for an English team in the European Cup .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He first came to public notice in 1947 through a broadcast with the BBC in Glasgow when he sang the main tenor role in the ballad opera The Gentle Shepherd , by the early 18th-century Scottish poet Allan Ramsay , with music arranged by Cedric Thorpe Davie .	He first came to public notice before 1948 through a broadcast with the BBC in Glasgow when he sang the main tenor role in the ballad opera The Gentle Shepherd , by the early 18th-century Scottish poet Allan Ramsay , with music arranged by Cedric Thorpe Davie .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He first came to public notice in 1947 through a broadcast with the BBC in Glasgow when he sang the main tenor role in the ballad opera The Gentle Shepherd , by the early 18th-century Scottish poet Allan Ramsay , with music arranged by Cedric Thorpe Davie .	He first came to public notice after 1947 through a broadcast with the BBC in Glasgow when he sang the main tenor role in the ballad opera The Gentle Shepherd , by the early 18th-century Scottish poet Allan Ramsay , with music arranged by Cedric Thorpe Davie .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The North West Wales NHS Trust said it welcomed the '' essential investment '' to update the hospital opened in 1984 .	The North West Wales NHS Trust said it welcomed the '' essential investment '' to update the hospital opened before 1985 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The North West Wales NHS Trust said it welcomed the '' essential investment '' to update the hospital opened in 1984 .	The North West Wales NHS Trust said it welcomed the '' essential investment '' to update the hospital opened after 1984 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 62-year-old senator won her third term in 2006 with 74 % of the vote and , if anything , may be even more popular today .	The 62-year-old senator won her third term before 2007 with 74 % of the vote and , if anything , may be even more popular today .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The 62-year-old senator won her third term in 2006 with 74 % of the vote and , if anything , may be even more popular today .	The 62-year-old senator won her third term after 2006 with 74 % of the vote and , if anything , may be even more popular today .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It was something that even weeks earlier he wasn ' t sure his emotions could handle . ''	It was something that even weeks time he wasn ' t sure his emotions could handle . ''	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nonetheless , I am so happy that finally , in the 21st Century , Bulgaria has managed to re-emerge as a democracy .	Nonetheless , I am so happy that finally , after the 21st Century , Bulgaria has managed to re-emerge as a democracy .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Near there , see Richmond 's Slavery Reconciliation Statue , a 15-foot , half-ton sculpture unveiled in 2007 that remembers and offers regret for Virginia 's role in the African slave trade .	Near there , see Richmond 's Slavery Reconciliation Statue , a 15-foot , half-ton sculpture unveiled before 2008 that remembers and offers regret for Virginia 's role in the African slave trade .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Near there , see Richmond 's Slavery Reconciliation Statue , a 15-foot , half-ton sculpture unveiled in 2007 that remembers and offers regret for Virginia 's role in the African slave trade .	Near there , see Richmond 's Slavery Reconciliation Statue , a 15-foot , half-ton sculpture unveiled after 2007 that remembers and offers regret for Virginia 's role in the African slave trade .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Orleans Parish School Board president went to prison in 2007 for taking $ 140,000 in bribes -LRB- another contract award , this one for a software system -RRB- .	The Orleans Parish School Board president went to prison before 2008 for taking $ 140,000 in bribes -LRB- another contract award , this one for a software system -RRB- .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Orleans Parish School Board president went to prison in 2007 for taking $ 140,000 in bribes -LRB- another contract award , this one for a software system -RRB- .	The Orleans Parish School Board president went to prison after 2007 for taking $ 140,000 in bribes -LRB- another contract award , this one for a software system -RRB- .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	An upsurge in fighting between rebels loyal to Laurent Nkunda and the army since August has displaced more than 220,000 people in a region already home to about 800,000 more displaced .	An upsurge in fighting between rebels loyal to Laurent Nkunda and the army since october has displaced more than 220,000 people in a region already home to about 800,000 more displaced .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	An upsurge in fighting between rebels loyal to Laurent Nkunda and the army since August has displaced more than 220,000 people in a region already home to about 800,000 more displaced .	An upsurge in fighting between rebels loyal to Laurent Nkunda and the army before August has displaced more than 220,000 people in a region already home to about 800,000 more displaced .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	-LRB- AP -RRB- - The contrasts are stark : As Haiti grapples with chaos , death and despair after last month 's earthquake , the world 's most famous VIPs party in luxurious fashion in preparation for a football game .	-LRB- AP -RRB- - The contrasts are stark : As Haiti grapples with chaos , death and despair at last month 's earthquake , the world 's most famous VIPs party in luxurious fashion in preparation for a football game .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Chamberlain , who will be limited to 65-70 pitches , has plenty of experience as a starting pitcher in the minors , but hasn ' t started a game in the first inning since July 25 of last season for Class AAA Scranton / Wilkes-Barre .	Chamberlain , who will be limited to 65-70 pitches , has plenty of experience as a starting pitcher in the minors , but hasn ' t started a game in the first inning since september 25 of last season for Class AAA Scranton / Wilkes-Barre .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Chamberlain , who will be limited to 65-70 pitches , has plenty of experience as a starting pitcher in the minors , but hasn ' t started a game in the first inning since July 25 of last season for Class AAA Scranton / Wilkes-Barre .	Chamberlain , who will be limited to 65-70 pitches , has plenty of experience as a starting pitcher in the minors , but hasn ' t started a game in the first inning before July 25 of last season for Class AAA Scranton / Wilkes-Barre .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - The top two U.S. intelligence officials made a secret visit to Pakistan in early January to seek permission from President Pervez Musharraf for greater involvement of American forces in trying to ferret out al-Qaida and other militant groups active in the tribal regions along the Afghanistan border , a senior U.S. official said .	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - The top two U.S. intelligence officials made a secret visit to Pakistan before early february to seek permission from President Pervez Musharraf for greater involvement of American forces in trying to ferret out al-Qaida and other militant groups active in the tribal regions along the Afghanistan border , a senior U.S. official said .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - The top two U.S. intelligence officials made a secret visit to Pakistan in early January to seek permission from President Pervez Musharraf for greater involvement of American forces in trying to ferret out al-Qaida and other militant groups active in the tribal regions along the Afghanistan border , a senior U.S. official said .	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - The top two U.S. intelligence officials made a secret visit to Pakistan after early January to seek permission from President Pervez Musharraf for greater involvement of American forces in trying to ferret out al-Qaida and other militant groups active in the tribal regions along the Afghanistan border , a senior U.S. official said .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	StatoilHydro and its partners in the Sleipner gas field have pumped more than 10 million tons of carbon dioxide -LRB- CO2 -RRB- into a sandstone formation below the sea bed since autumn 1996 , the company said in a statement . ''	StatoilHydro and its partners in the Sleipner gas field have pumped more than 10 million tons of carbon dioxide -LRB- CO2 -RRB- into a sandstone formation below the sea bed since spring 1996 , the company said in a statement . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	StatoilHydro and its partners in the Sleipner gas field have pumped more than 10 million tons of carbon dioxide -LRB- CO2 -RRB- into a sandstone formation below the sea bed since autumn 1996 , the company said in a statement . ''	StatoilHydro and its partners in the Sleipner gas field have pumped more than 10 million tons of carbon dioxide -LRB- CO2 -RRB- into a sandstone formation below the sea bed before autumn 1996 , the company said in a statement . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In the process of change of this nature that -LRB- resistance -RRB- is expected , but it does not stop a train moving forward , '' he said , drawing parallels with independence in 1980 .	In the process of change of this nature that -LRB- resistance -RRB- is expected , but it does not stop a train moving forward , '' he said , drawing parallels with independence before 1981 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In the process of change of this nature that -LRB- resistance -RRB- is expected , but it does not stop a train moving forward , '' he said , drawing parallels with independence in 1980 .	In the process of change of this nature that -LRB- resistance -RRB- is expected , but it does not stop a train moving forward , '' he said , drawing parallels with independence after 1980 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Controlling access to that data stream , as well as other related stats about Twitter use and content , does not diminish the value of Twitter now or in the future .	Controlling access to that data stream , as well as other related stats about Twitter use and content , does not diminish the value of Twitter now or after the future .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Helen , her stepmother , would say many years later that she knew she had to get her own daughters away from Paul , leaving Alison to wonder how her own father imagined his own girls were coping with their new stepfather .	Helen , her stepmother , would say many years time that she knew she had to get her own daughters away from Paul , leaving Alison to wonder how her own father imagined his own girls were coping with their new stepfather .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The market crash and deep economic downturn followed months of housing and credit market problems , and then , in September 2008 , the collapse of Lehman Brothers .	The market crash and deep economic downturn followed months of housing and credit market problems , and then , before october 2008 , the collapse of Lehman Brothers .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The market crash and deep economic downturn followed months of housing and credit market problems , and then , in September 2008 , the collapse of Lehman Brothers .	The market crash and deep economic downturn followed months of housing and credit market problems , and then , after September 2008 , the collapse of Lehman Brothers .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Obama won at least 65 delegates in Tuesday 's primaries , with 70 still to be awarded .	Obama won at least 65 delegates after Tuesday 's primaries , with 70 still to be awarded .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	James Yates , 21 , who provided Sean Mercer with the Smith and Wesson handgun used to murder Rhys , was ordered at Liverpool crown court in January to serve seven years for possessing a weapon , and given two five-year sentences , to run concurrently , for assisting an offender .	James Yates , 21 , who provided Sean Mercer with the Smith and Wesson handgun used to murder Rhys , was ordered at Liverpool crown court before february to serve seven years for possessing a weapon , and given two five-year sentences , to run concurrently , for assisting an offender .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	James Yates , 21 , who provided Sean Mercer with the Smith and Wesson handgun used to murder Rhys , was ordered at Liverpool crown court in January to serve seven years for possessing a weapon , and given two five-year sentences , to run concurrently , for assisting an offender .	James Yates , 21 , who provided Sean Mercer with the Smith and Wesson handgun used to murder Rhys , was ordered at Liverpool crown court after January to serve seven years for possessing a weapon , and given two five-year sentences , to run concurrently , for assisting an offender .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A spokeswoman for English Heritage , which runs the 5,000-year-old site , said today 's turnout was the biggest since 2003 .	A spokeswoman for English Heritage , which runs the 5,000-year-old site , said today 's turnout was the biggest since 2005 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A spokeswoman for English Heritage , which runs the 5,000-year-old site , said today 's turnout was the biggest since 2003 .	A spokeswoman for English Heritage , which runs the 5,000-year-old site , said today 's turnout was the biggest before 2003 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The deal with Goldman values Facebook at nearly twice the $ 27 billion that Google was worth after its first day as a public company in August 2004 .	The deal with Goldman values Facebook at nearly twice the $ 27 billion that Google was worth after its first day as a public company before september 2004 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The deal with Goldman values Facebook at nearly twice the $ 27 billion that Google was worth after its first day as a public company in August 2004 .	The deal with Goldman values Facebook at nearly twice the $ 27 billion that Google was worth after its first day as a public company after August 2004 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Neither , it seems , will the fans who clogged Coors in the past month .	Neither , it seems , will the fans who clogged Coors after the past month .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	This compares with the previous best-selling adult hardback , Thomas Harris ' Hannibal , which has sold 298,000 copies since it was published in 1999 .	This compares with the previous best-selling adult hardback , Thomas Harris ' Hannibal , which has sold 298,000 copies since it was published before 2000 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This compares with the previous best-selling adult hardback , Thomas Harris ' Hannibal , which has sold 298,000 copies since it was published in 1999 .	This compares with the previous best-selling adult hardback , Thomas Harris ' Hannibal , which has sold 298,000 copies since it was published after 1999 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Syria was obliged to withdraw its troops from Lebanon in 2005 , under international pressure and a wave of Lebanese outrage following the assassination of the former Prime Minister , Rafik Hariri .	Syria was obliged to withdraw its troops from Lebanon before 2006 , under international pressure and a wave of Lebanese outrage following the assassination of the former Prime Minister , Rafik Hariri .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Syria was obliged to withdraw its troops from Lebanon in 2005 , under international pressure and a wave of Lebanese outrage following the assassination of the former Prime Minister , Rafik Hariri .	Syria was obliged to withdraw its troops from Lebanon after 2005 , under international pressure and a wave of Lebanese outrage following the assassination of the former Prime Minister , Rafik Hariri .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The sectarian bloodshed which has ravaged Iraq since 2006 is now running at a '' much lower '' level , offering a chance for leaders to push national reconciliation , a top UN official said on Saturday .	The sectarian bloodshed which has ravaged Iraq since 2008 is now running at a '' much lower '' level , offering a chance for leaders to push national reconciliation , a top UN official said on Saturday .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The sectarian bloodshed which has ravaged Iraq since 2006 is now running at a '' much lower '' level , offering a chance for leaders to push national reconciliation , a top UN official said on Saturday .	The sectarian bloodshed which has ravaged Iraq before 2006 is now running at a '' much lower '' level , offering a chance for leaders to push national reconciliation , a top UN official said on Saturday .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That 's caused the traditional leadoff states of Iowa and New Hampshire to consider moving up and raised the possibility that the first votes in the 2008 presidential race may be cast before New Year 's .	That 's caused the traditional leadoff states of Iowa and New Hampshire to consider moving up and raised the possibility that the first votes in the 2008 presidential race may be cast at New Year 's .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Neil Robertson won his second Grand Prix title after Ding Junhui capitulated in tonight 's final at Glasgow 's Kelvin Hall . ''	Neil Robertson won his second Grand Prix title after Ding Junhui capitulated after tonight 's final at Glasgow 's Kelvin Hall . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Before the meeting , the committee members were each sent data about broken bats from a test group of teams in 2007 .	Before the meeting , the committee members were each sent data about broken bats from a test group of teams before 2008 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Before the meeting , the committee members were each sent data about broken bats from a test group of teams in 2007 .	Before the meeting , the committee members were each sent data about broken bats from a test group of teams after 2007 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Featured at today 's event were America 's Road Team Captains Rich Ewing , Greg Nauretz , Jeff Thompson and Ron VanBibber .	Featured after today 's event were America 's Road Team Captains Rich Ewing , Greg Nauretz , Jeff Thompson and Ron VanBibber .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He set career highs with the 49ers in 2004 , when he started nine games and completed 198 passes for 2,169 yards and 10 touchdowns .	He set career highs with the 49ers before 2005 , when he started nine games and completed 198 passes for 2,169 yards and 10 touchdowns .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He set career highs with the 49ers in 2004 , when he started nine games and completed 198 passes for 2,169 yards and 10 touchdowns .	He set career highs with the 49ers after 2004 , when he started nine games and completed 198 passes for 2,169 yards and 10 touchdowns .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A judge in March ordered Kilpatrick to pay $ 6,000 a month in restitution .	A judge before april ordered Kilpatrick to pay $ 6,000 a month in restitution .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A judge in March ordered Kilpatrick to pay $ 6,000 a month in restitution .	A judge after March ordered Kilpatrick to pay $ 6,000 a month in restitution .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The decision marked a significant blow for the Competition Commission which said in March that BAA 's grip on airports was detrimental to passengers and airlines and demanded it should sell off Gatwick , Stansted and one of either Edinburgh or Glasgow within two years .	The decision marked a significant blow for the Competition Commission which said before april that BAA 's grip on airports was detrimental to passengers and airlines and demanded it should sell off Gatwick , Stansted and one of either Edinburgh or Glasgow within two years .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The decision marked a significant blow for the Competition Commission which said in March that BAA 's grip on airports was detrimental to passengers and airlines and demanded it should sell off Gatwick , Stansted and one of either Edinburgh or Glasgow within two years .	The decision marked a significant blow for the Competition Commission which said after March that BAA 's grip on airports was detrimental to passengers and airlines and demanded it should sell off Gatwick , Stansted and one of either Edinburgh or Glasgow within two years .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Never mind the backspins , it 's all about miss passes and line-out peels this afternoon as Ireland take on Italy in the Six Nations opener at 1400 GMT , before Wales aim to end their 20-year Twickenham hoodoo against England at 1630 GMT .	Never mind the backspins , it 's all about miss passes and line-out peels this afternoon as Ireland take on Italy in the Six Nations opener before 1401 GMT , before Wales aim to end their 20-year Twickenham hoodoo against England at 1630 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Never mind the backspins , it 's all about miss passes and line-out peels this afternoon as Ireland take on Italy in the Six Nations opener at 1400 GMT , before Wales aim to end their 20-year Twickenham hoodoo against England at 1630 GMT .	Never mind the backspins , it 's all about miss passes and line-out peels this afternoon as Ireland take on Italy in the Six Nations opener after 1400 GMT , before Wales aim to end their 20-year Twickenham hoodoo against England at 1630 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The shares rebounded slightly later in the day , but remained about 3 percent lower than the Friday closing price of $ 28.36 .	The shares rebounded slightly later after the day , but remained about 3 percent lower than the Friday closing price of $ 28.36 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Back in 1997 , the freshly minted Blair government '' named and shamed '' 18 schools .	Back before 1998 , the freshly minted Blair government '' named and shamed '' 18 schools .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Back in 1997 , the freshly minted Blair government '' named and shamed '' 18 schools .	Back after 1997 , the freshly minted Blair government '' named and shamed '' 18 schools .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Leslie House , in Glenrothes , being renovated to create 17 luxury homes , was extensively damaged by a blaze , which started at 1900 GMT on Thursday .	Leslie House , in Glenrothes , being renovated to create 17 luxury homes , was extensively damaged by a blaze , which started before 1901 GMT on Thursday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Leslie House , in Glenrothes , being renovated to create 17 luxury homes , was extensively damaged by a blaze , which started at 1900 GMT on Thursday .	Leslie House , in Glenrothes , being renovated to create 17 luxury homes , was extensively damaged by a blaze , which started after 1900 GMT on Thursday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And one estimate says that if costs continue on their current trajectory , premiums will go up another 166 % in the decade ahead .	And one estimate says that if costs continue on their current trajectory , premiums will go up another 166 % after the decade ahead .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Cash and cash equivalents continued to increase for the fifth quarter in a row , reaching $ 202.5 million at May 31 , 2009 , compared with $ 141.3 million at February 28 , 2009 ; $ 115.8 million at November 30 , 2008 ; $ 97.7 million at August 31 , 2008 ; $ 83.9 million at May 31 , 2008 ; and $ 44.7 million at February 29 , 2008 .	Cash and cash equivalents continued to increase for the fifth quarter in a row , reaching $ 202.5 million before june 31 , 2009 , compared with $ 141.3 million at February 28 , 2009 ; $ 115.8 million at November 30 , 2008 ; $ 97.7 million at August 31 , 2008 ; $ 83.9 million at May 31 , 2008 ; and $ 44.7 million at February 29 , 2008 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Cash and cash equivalents continued to increase for the fifth quarter in a row , reaching $ 202.5 million at May 31 , 2009 , compared with $ 141.3 million at February 28 , 2009 ; $ 115.8 million at November 30 , 2008 ; $ 97.7 million at August 31 , 2008 ; $ 83.9 million at May 31 , 2008 ; and $ 44.7 million at February 29 , 2008 .	Cash and cash equivalents continued to increase for the fifth quarter in a row , reaching $ 202.5 million after May 31 , 2009 , compared with $ 141.3 million at February 28 , 2009 ; $ 115.8 million at November 30 , 2008 ; $ 97.7 million at August 31 , 2008 ; $ 83.9 million at May 31 , 2008 ; and $ 44.7 million at February 29 , 2008 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Born in 1776 , she was the daughter of an eccentric pro-Jacobin peer and inventor .	Born before 1777 , she was the daughter of an eccentric pro-Jacobin peer and inventor .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Born in 1776 , she was the daughter of an eccentric pro-Jacobin peer and inventor .	Born after 1776 , she was the daughter of an eccentric pro-Jacobin peer and inventor .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Since SEC Chairman Mary Schapiro took the helm late in January , the agency has opened 525 investigations , a 10 percent rise over the same period last year .	Since SEC Chairman Mary Schapiro took the helm late before february , the agency has opened 525 investigations , a 10 percent rise over the same period last year .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Since SEC Chairman Mary Schapiro took the helm late in January , the agency has opened 525 investigations , a 10 percent rise over the same period last year .	Since SEC Chairman Mary Schapiro took the helm late after January , the agency has opened 525 investigations , a 10 percent rise over the same period last year .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Fish , played by Rainn Wilson , was cool back in the day and almost made the big time with his 80s band Vesuvius .	Fish , played by Rainn Wilson , was cool back after the day and almost made the big time with his 80s band Vesuvius .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	NHS Grampian revealed on Thursday that the computer was stolen between 1730 BST on Wednesday 15 April and 0800 the following morning .	NHS Grampian revealed on Thursday that the computer was stolen between 1729 BST on Wednesday 15 April and 0800 the following morning .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	NHS Grampian revealed on Thursday that the computer was stolen between 1730 BST on Wednesday 15 April and 0800 the following morning .	NHS Grampian revealed on Thursday that the computer was stolen between 1731 BST on Wednesday 15 April and 0800 the following morning .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He bet against the S & P 500 while everyone was buying stocks in the late 1990s before the dot-com crash .	He bet against the S & P 500 while everyone was buying stocks after the late 1990s before the dot-com crash .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But Iraqi authorities have increasingly taken a hard line toward Camp Ashraf , including a raid by security forces in July that touched off a melee in which 11 people were reportedly killed .	But Iraqi authorities have increasingly taken a hard line toward Camp Ashraf , including a raid by security forces before august that touched off a melee in which 11 people were reportedly killed .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But Iraqi authorities have increasingly taken a hard line toward Camp Ashraf , including a raid by security forces in July that touched off a melee in which 11 people were reportedly killed .	But Iraqi authorities have increasingly taken a hard line toward Camp Ashraf , including a raid by security forces after July that touched off a melee in which 11 people were reportedly killed .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Boston 's '' original pizzeria '' has been serving up slices since 1926 , http : / / www.reginapizzeria.com .	Boston 's '' original pizzeria '' has been serving up slices since 1928 , http : / / www.reginapizzeria.com .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Boston 's '' original pizzeria '' has been serving up slices since 1926 , http : / / www.reginapizzeria.com .	Boston 's '' original pizzeria '' has been serving up slices before 1926 , http : / / www.reginapizzeria.com .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Both organisations believe a key underlying problem is that water companies have been allowed to retain water-abstraction licences issued before the introduction of national legislation in 1963 .	Both organisations believe a key underlying problem is that water companies have been allowed to retain water-abstraction licences issued before the introduction of national legislation before 1964 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Both organisations believe a key underlying problem is that water companies have been allowed to retain water-abstraction licences issued before the introduction of national legislation in 1963 .	Both organisations believe a key underlying problem is that water companies have been allowed to retain water-abstraction licences issued before the introduction of national legislation after 1963 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	, got his first chickens in 1978 so he could recycle bread crumbs from his bakery ; today he sells excess eggs to neighbors and employees , and slaughters his unproductive hens for food .	, got his first chickens before 1979 so he could recycle bread crumbs from his bakery ; today he sells excess eggs to neighbors and employees , and slaughters his unproductive hens for food .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	, got his first chickens in 1978 so he could recycle bread crumbs from his bakery ; today he sells excess eggs to neighbors and employees , and slaughters his unproductive hens for food .	, got his first chickens after 1978 so he could recycle bread crumbs from his bakery ; today he sells excess eggs to neighbors and employees , and slaughters his unproductive hens for food .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The former British colony returned to Chinese rule in 1997 when Beijing ruled out full democracy before 2008 .	The former British colony returned to Chinese rule in 1997 when Beijing ruled out full democracy before 2007 .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The former British colony returned to Chinese rule in 1997 when Beijing ruled out full democracy before 2008 .	The former British colony returned to Chinese rule in 1997 when Beijing ruled out full democracy before 2009 .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The former British colony returned to Chinese rule in 1997 when Beijing ruled out full democracy before 2008 .	The former British colony returned to Chinese rule in 1997 when Beijing ruled out full democracy at 2008 .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Ms Maclean 's body was eventually discovered in June 2008 .	Ms Maclean 's body was eventually discovered before july 2008 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ms Maclean 's body was eventually discovered in June 2008 .	Ms Maclean 's body was eventually discovered after June 2008 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A similar failure occurred in 2004 , forcing Lufthansa to cancel 60 European flights .	A similar failure occurred before 2005 , forcing Lufthansa to cancel 60 European flights .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A similar failure occurred in 2004 , forcing Lufthansa to cancel 60 European flights .	A similar failure occurred after 2004 , forcing Lufthansa to cancel 60 European flights .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Redstone would probably use the proceeds from the sale to retire a portion of National 's debt , which was an onerous $ 1.46 billion until he announced plans in mid-October to sell nearly $ 1 billion in stock in the two media companies he controls , Viacom Inc. and CBS Corp. .	Redstone would probably use the proceeds from the sale to retire a portion of National 's debt , which was an onerous $ 1.46 billion until he announced plans after mid-October to sell nearly $ 1 billion in stock in the two media companies he controls , Viacom Inc. and CBS Corp. .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Elworthy , the former South Africa fast-medium bowler , also oversaw the inaugural tournament in 2007 but will not be involved in the third World Twenty20 , which will be held in the West Indies next year .	Elworthy , the former South Africa fast-medium bowler , also oversaw the inaugural tournament before 2008 but will not be involved in the third World Twenty20 , which will be held in the West Indies next year .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Elworthy , the former South Africa fast-medium bowler , also oversaw the inaugural tournament in 2007 but will not be involved in the third World Twenty20 , which will be held in the West Indies next year .	Elworthy , the former South Africa fast-medium bowler , also oversaw the inaugural tournament after 2007 but will not be involved in the third World Twenty20 , which will be held in the West Indies next year .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	They say the scheme began in 2003 and continued until 2006 after Cuomo was no longer on the team .	They say the scheme began before 2004 and continued until 2006 after Cuomo was no longer on the team .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They say the scheme began in 2003 and continued until 2006 after Cuomo was no longer on the team .	They say the scheme began after 2003 and continued until 2006 after Cuomo was no longer on the team .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In 1972 he was made an Associate of Honour to the Royal Horticultural Society , for services to gardening , and in 1988 he received an honorary masters degree from the Open University .	In 1972 he was made an Associate of Honour to the Royal Horticultural Society , for services to gardening , and before 1989 he received an honorary masters degree from the Open University .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In 1972 he was made an Associate of Honour to the Royal Horticultural Society , for services to gardening , and in 1988 he received an honorary masters degree from the Open University .	In 1972 he was made an Associate of Honour to the Royal Horticultural Society , for services to gardening , and after 1988 he received an honorary masters degree from the Open University .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Baker , convicted of giving his wife sleeping pills , suffocating her and faking her suicide note in 2006 , faces anywhere from probation to life in prison .	Baker , convicted of giving his wife sleeping pills , suffocating her and faking her suicide note before 2007 , faces anywhere from probation to life in prison .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Baker , convicted of giving his wife sleeping pills , suffocating her and faking her suicide note in 2006 , faces anywhere from probation to life in prison .	Baker , convicted of giving his wife sleeping pills , suffocating her and faking her suicide note after 2006 , faces anywhere from probation to life in prison .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Gas sales are now expected to begin in January 2008 .	Gas sales are now expected to begin before february 2008 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Gas sales are now expected to begin in January 2008 .	Gas sales are now expected to begin after January 2008 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The report also examined statements by top Bush administration officials between October 2002 and March 2003 , when the U.S. invaded Iraq , about the threat from Iraq .	The report also examined statements by top Bush administration officials between september 2002 and March 2003 , when the U.S. invaded Iraq , about the threat from Iraq .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The report also examined statements by top Bush administration officials between October 2002 and March 2003 , when the U.S. invaded Iraq , about the threat from Iraq .	The report also examined statements by top Bush administration officials between november 2002 and March 2003 , when the U.S. invaded Iraq , about the threat from Iraq .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	-LRB- AP -RRB- So the best-picture race will be twice as crowded at next year 's Academy Awards , with the ceremony 's organizers announcing Wednesday that they 're expanding the field of nominees from five to 10 .	-LRB- AP -RRB- So the best-picture race will be twice as crowded after next year 's Academy Awards , with the ceremony 's organizers announcing Wednesday that they 're expanding the field of nominees from five to 10 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Callas had died four years earlier as a recluse at the age of 53 , reportedly of heart failure after excessive use of sleeping pills .	Callas had died four years time as a recluse at the age of 53 , reportedly of heart failure after excessive use of sleeping pills .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	... It will be repeated just after 9 pm , when Brand , who resigned as a result of the fallout from the broadcast , made on his own Saturday night show , would usually be on the airwaves .	... It will be repeated just after 10 pm , when Brand , who resigned as a result of the fallout from the broadcast , made on his own Saturday night show , would usually be on the airwaves .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	... It will be repeated just after 9 pm , when Brand , who resigned as a result of the fallout from the broadcast , made on his own Saturday night show , would usually be on the airwaves .	... It will be repeated just after 8 pm , when Brand , who resigned as a result of the fallout from the broadcast , made on his own Saturday night show , would usually be on the airwaves .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	... It will be repeated just after 9 pm , when Brand , who resigned as a result of the fallout from the broadcast , made on his own Saturday night show , would usually be on the airwaves .	... It will be repeated just at 9 pm , when Brand , who resigned as a result of the fallout from the broadcast , made on his own Saturday night show , would usually be on the airwaves .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Guernsey Met Office has warned of possible further problems with 32.5 ft -LRB- 9.9 m -RRB- tides due on Wednesday at 1936 BST and 0754 BST on Thursday .	Guernsey Met Office has warned of possible further problems with 32.5 ft -LRB- 9.9 m -RRB- tides due on Wednesday before 1937 BST and 0754 BST on Thursday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Guernsey Met Office has warned of possible further problems with 32.5 ft -LRB- 9.9 m -RRB- tides due on Wednesday at 1936 BST and 0754 BST on Thursday .	Guernsey Met Office has warned of possible further problems with 32.5 ft -LRB- 9.9 m -RRB- tides due on Wednesday after 1936 BST and 0754 BST on Thursday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	During an emotional visit to the shrine in 2004 , a year before his death , John Paul declared himself '' a sick man among the sick '' as he struggled with advanced Parkinson 's disease .	During an emotional visit to the shrine before 2005 , a year before his death , John Paul declared himself '' a sick man among the sick '' as he struggled with advanced Parkinson 's disease .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	During an emotional visit to the shrine in 2004 , a year before his death , John Paul declared himself '' a sick man among the sick '' as he struggled with advanced Parkinson 's disease .	During an emotional visit to the shrine after 2004 , a year before his death , John Paul declared himself '' a sick man among the sick '' as he struggled with advanced Parkinson 's disease .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Finished in 1962 and torn down just in the past decade , the project was America 's biggest public housing scheme , its 28 towers home to almost 30,000 residents in Chicago 's South Side .	Finished before 1963 and torn down just in the past decade , the project was America 's biggest public housing scheme , its 28 towers home to almost 30,000 residents in Chicago 's South Side .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Finished in 1962 and torn down just in the past decade , the project was America 's biggest public housing scheme , its 28 towers home to almost 30,000 residents in Chicago 's South Side .	Finished after 1962 and torn down just in the past decade , the project was America 's biggest public housing scheme , its 28 towers home to almost 30,000 residents in Chicago 's South Side .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Moreover , since the doors of the Arava Institute opened in 1996 one quarter of the undergraduate and graduate student body has been Jordanian .	Moreover , since the doors of the Arava Institute opened before 1997 one quarter of the undergraduate and graduate student body has been Jordanian .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Moreover , since the doors of the Arava Institute opened in 1996 one quarter of the undergraduate and graduate student body has been Jordanian .	Moreover , since the doors of the Arava Institute opened after 1996 one quarter of the undergraduate and graduate student body has been Jordanian .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The alarming speed at which the US recession is ricocheting across corporate America was laid bare last night after Intel , the world 's leading chipmaker , said it would make $ 1 billion -LRB- £ 669 million -RRB- less in the fourth quarter than it had expected .	The alarming speed at which the US recession is ricocheting across corporate America was laid bare last night after Intel , the world 's leading chipmaker , said it would make $ 1 billion -LRB- £ 669 million -RRB- less after the fourth quarter than it had expected .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	This is the narrowest Tory lead since March last year .	This is the narrowest Tory lead since may last year .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This is the narrowest Tory lead since March last year .	This is the narrowest Tory lead before March last year .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Some of the shenanigans that have been pulled with airline pensions in the past , you can see how people would be anxious , but it certainly doesn ' t justify this kind of action , '' Nance said .	Some of the shenanigans that have been pulled with airline pensions after the past , you can see how people would be anxious , but it certainly doesn ' t justify this kind of action , '' Nance said .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The officer was attacked in a garden in Sladedale Road , Plumstead , during the operation at about 1200 GMT on Tuesday .	The officer was attacked in a garden in Sladedale Road , Plumstead , during the operation before about 1201 GMT on Tuesday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The officer was attacked in a garden in Sladedale Road , Plumstead , during the operation at about 1200 GMT on Tuesday .	The officer was attacked in a garden in Sladedale Road , Plumstead , during the operation after about 1200 GMT on Tuesday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Right now , the state pension is £ 90.70 , -LRB- which rises to £ 95.25 in April -RRB- meaning that 10 qualifying years would be needed to get a pension of £ 23.58 a week .	Right now , the state pension is £ 90.70 , -LRB- which rises to £ 95.25 before may -RRB- meaning that 10 qualifying years would be needed to get a pension of £ 23.58 a week .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Right now , the state pension is £ 90.70 , -LRB- which rises to £ 95.25 in April -RRB- meaning that 10 qualifying years would be needed to get a pension of £ 23.58 a week .	Right now , the state pension is £ 90.70 , -LRB- which rises to £ 95.25 after April -RRB- meaning that 10 qualifying years would be needed to get a pension of £ 23.58 a week .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Los Angeles area prices declined 26 % in January from the previous year .	Los Angeles area prices declined 26 % before february from the previous year .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Los Angeles area prices declined 26 % in January from the previous year .	Los Angeles area prices declined 26 % after January from the previous year .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He has had far more success at the other majors , winning the U.S. Open in 2003 , reaching two Wimbledon finals and making the Australian Open semifinals three times .	He has had far more success at the other majors , winning the U.S. Open before 2004 , reaching two Wimbledon finals and making the Australian Open semifinals three times .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He has had far more success at the other majors , winning the U.S. Open in 2003 , reaching two Wimbledon finals and making the Australian Open semifinals three times .	He has had far more success at the other majors , winning the U.S. Open after 2003 , reaching two Wimbledon finals and making the Australian Open semifinals three times .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Stripping out the exceptional items , net profits were down just 2.7 percent in the first three months of this year , it said .	Stripping out the exceptional items , net profits were down just 2.7 percent after the first three months of this year , it said .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The IMF reckons that for G20 countries stimulus packages will add up to 1.5 % of GDP in 2009 -LRB- calculated as a weighted average using purchasing power parity -RRB- .	The IMF reckons that for G20 countries stimulus packages will add up to 1.5 % of GDP before 2010 -LRB- calculated as a weighted average using purchasing power parity -RRB- .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The IMF reckons that for G20 countries stimulus packages will add up to 1.5 % of GDP in 2009 -LRB- calculated as a weighted average using purchasing power parity -RRB- .	The IMF reckons that for G20 countries stimulus packages will add up to 1.5 % of GDP after 2009 -LRB- calculated as a weighted average using purchasing power parity -RRB- .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Single sales increased from 67m in 2006 to 86.6 m in 2007 , up 29.3 % .	Single sales increased from 67m before 2007 to 86.6 m in 2007 , up 29.3 % .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Single sales increased from 67m in 2006 to 86.6 m in 2007 , up 29.3 % .	Single sales increased from 67m after 2006 to 86.6 m in 2007 , up 29.3 % .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Jean Margueritte , who has been manning Rustica stands at the annual book fair since 1982 , said he had never sold so many books about growing your own vegetables .	Jean Margueritte , who has been manning Rustica stands at the annual book fair since 1984 , said he had never sold so many books about growing your own vegetables .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Jean Margueritte , who has been manning Rustica stands at the annual book fair since 1982 , said he had never sold so many books about growing your own vegetables .	Jean Margueritte , who has been manning Rustica stands at the annual book fair before 1982 , said he had never sold so many books about growing your own vegetables .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Travis McKie added 13 points and Gary Clark and C.J. Harris had 11 each for the Demon Deacons -LRB- 7-8 -RRB- , who led by as many as 21 points late in the second half .	Travis McKie added 13 points and Gary Clark and C.J. Harris had 11 each for the Demon Deacons -LRB- 7-8 -RRB- , who led by as many as 21 points late after the second half .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	President-elect Obama is the living embodiment of what human rights can do -- the product of Brown vs Board of Education and the achievements of the civil rights movement in the 1960s .	President-elect Obama is the living embodiment of what human rights can do -- the product of Brown vs Board of Education and the achievements of the civil rights movement after the 1960s .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The combine was the brainchild of Sanford '' Sandy '' Weill , who served as chief executive until he was forced out amid a series of scandals in 2003 .	The combine was the brainchild of Sanford '' Sandy '' Weill , who served as chief executive until he was forced out amid a series of scandals before 2004 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The combine was the brainchild of Sanford '' Sandy '' Weill , who served as chief executive until he was forced out amid a series of scandals in 2003 .	The combine was the brainchild of Sanford '' Sandy '' Weill , who served as chief executive until he was forced out amid a series of scandals after 2003 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Their Bigger Bang tour , which grossed $ 437m -LRB- £ 217m -RRB- , helped the rock stars make $ 88m -LRB- £ 43m -RRB- between June 2006 and June this year . ''	Their Bigger Bang tour , which grossed $ 437m -LRB- £ 217m -RRB- , helped the rock stars make $ 88m -LRB- £ 43m -RRB- between may 2006 and June this year . ''	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Their Bigger Bang tour , which grossed $ 437m -LRB- £ 217m -RRB- , helped the rock stars make $ 88m -LRB- £ 43m -RRB- between June 2006 and June this year . ''	Their Bigger Bang tour , which grossed $ 437m -LRB- £ 217m -RRB- , helped the rock stars make $ 88m -LRB- £ 43m -RRB- between july 2006 and June this year . ''	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Operating margin for the onshore assets decreased slightly to $ 1,148,036 in 2008 from $ 1,221,874 in 2007 , due primarily to decreased throughput volumes in the Company 's Madisonville pipeline system .	Operating margin for the onshore assets decreased slightly to $ 1,148,036 before 2009 from $ 1,221,874 in 2007 , due primarily to decreased throughput volumes in the Company 's Madisonville pipeline system .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Operating margin for the onshore assets decreased slightly to $ 1,148,036 in 2008 from $ 1,221,874 in 2007 , due primarily to decreased throughput volumes in the Company 's Madisonville pipeline system .	Operating margin for the onshore assets decreased slightly to $ 1,148,036 after 2008 from $ 1,221,874 in 2007 , due primarily to decreased throughput volumes in the Company 's Madisonville pipeline system .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The CWU argues that even though it agreed in 2007 that jobs would need to be lost as part of the plan , specific details about the actual nature of the modernisations were unknown at that time .	The CWU argues that even though it agreed before 2008 that jobs would need to be lost as part of the plan , specific details about the actual nature of the modernisations were unknown at that time .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The CWU argues that even though it agreed in 2007 that jobs would need to be lost as part of the plan , specific details about the actual nature of the modernisations were unknown at that time .	The CWU argues that even though it agreed after 2007 that jobs would need to be lost as part of the plan , specific details about the actual nature of the modernisations were unknown at that time .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The markets will not be as volatile as in 2009 but we do have a habit of thinking the UK economy has run out of juice in the second quarter .	The markets will not be as volatile as before 2010 but we do have a habit of thinking the UK economy has run out of juice in the second quarter .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The markets will not be as volatile as in 2009 but we do have a habit of thinking the UK economy has run out of juice in the second quarter .	The markets will not be as volatile as after 2009 but we do have a habit of thinking the UK economy has run out of juice in the second quarter .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mondale , whose grandfather emigrated to the United States from Norway in 1857 , is to meet with Norwegian officials soon to '' establish the practical framework for his tasks and the continued work to set up the consulate general in Minneapolis so that it able to maintain and further develop the important ties between Norway and the Midwest , '' the announcement said .	Mondale , whose grandfather emigrated to the United States from Norway before 1858 , is to meet with Norwegian officials soon to '' establish the practical framework for his tasks and the continued work to set up the consulate general in Minneapolis so that it able to maintain and further develop the important ties between Norway and the Midwest , '' the announcement said .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mondale , whose grandfather emigrated to the United States from Norway in 1857 , is to meet with Norwegian officials soon to '' establish the practical framework for his tasks and the continued work to set up the consulate general in Minneapolis so that it able to maintain and further develop the important ties between Norway and the Midwest , '' the announcement said .	Mondale , whose grandfather emigrated to the United States from Norway after 1857 , is to meet with Norwegian officials soon to '' establish the practical framework for his tasks and the continued work to set up the consulate general in Minneapolis so that it able to maintain and further develop the important ties between Norway and the Midwest , '' the announcement said .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Daniele Bennati of Italy , who has won three sprint finishes in this year 's Giro , was unable to hold off Cavendish after doing just that by a few centimeters to win Thursday 's 12th stage .	Daniele Bennati of Italy , who has won three sprint finishes after this year 's Giro , was unable to hold off Cavendish after doing just that by a few centimeters to win Thursday 's 12th stage .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	We 're pleased with the job that ' Coop ' has done since taking over in 2007 , '' Wade said .	We 're pleased with the job that ' Coop ' has done since taking over before 2008 , '' Wade said .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	We 're pleased with the job that ' Coop ' has done since taking over in 2007 , '' Wade said .	We 're pleased with the job that ' Coop ' has done since taking over after 2007 , '' Wade said .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The house has been on the market with the Kinleigh Folkard & Hayward agency since February and the couple already has lowered the asking price twice , to 900,000 pounds -LRB- $ 1.8 million -RRB- from 985,000 pounds -LRB- $ 1.97 million -RRB- .	The house has been on the market with the Kinleigh Folkard & Hayward agency since april and the couple already has lowered the asking price twice , to 900,000 pounds -LRB- $ 1.8 million -RRB- from 985,000 pounds -LRB- $ 1.97 million -RRB- .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The house has been on the market with the Kinleigh Folkard & Hayward agency since February and the couple already has lowered the asking price twice , to 900,000 pounds -LRB- $ 1.8 million -RRB- from 985,000 pounds -LRB- $ 1.97 million -RRB- .	The house has been on the market with the Kinleigh Folkard & Hayward agency before February and the couple already has lowered the asking price twice , to 900,000 pounds -LRB- $ 1.8 million -RRB- from 985,000 pounds -LRB- $ 1.97 million -RRB- .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The other point is that although Pope John Paul II said in 1992 that it was the error of the theologians of the time to think that , and I 'm quoting now , ' our understanding of the world 's physical structure was imposed by the literal sense of sacred scripture ' , the current Pope , Benedict XVI , when he was still Cardinal Ratzinger said in March of 1990 that the church was more faithful to reason than Galileo himself , and went on to claim strangely that geocentricism , the idea that the Earth is at the center of the solar system , was correct .	The other point is that although Pope John Paul II said before 1993 that it was the error of the theologians of the time to think that , and I 'm quoting now , ' our understanding of the world 's physical structure was imposed by the literal sense of sacred scripture ' , the current Pope , Benedict XVI , when he was still Cardinal Ratzinger said in March of 1990 that the church was more faithful to reason than Galileo himself , and went on to claim strangely that geocentricism , the idea that the Earth is at the center of the solar system , was correct .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The other point is that although Pope John Paul II said in 1992 that it was the error of the theologians of the time to think that , and I 'm quoting now , ' our understanding of the world 's physical structure was imposed by the literal sense of sacred scripture ' , the current Pope , Benedict XVI , when he was still Cardinal Ratzinger said in March of 1990 that the church was more faithful to reason than Galileo himself , and went on to claim strangely that geocentricism , the idea that the Earth is at the center of the solar system , was correct .	The other point is that although Pope John Paul II said after 1992 that it was the error of the theologians of the time to think that , and I 'm quoting now , ' our understanding of the world 's physical structure was imposed by the literal sense of sacred scripture ' , the current Pope , Benedict XVI , when he was still Cardinal Ratzinger said in March of 1990 that the church was more faithful to reason than Galileo himself , and went on to claim strangely that geocentricism , the idea that the Earth is at the center of the solar system , was correct .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Tony Chan , a businessman and feng shui enthusiast , claims to be the sole beneficiary of Wang 's estate based on her last will , drafted in 2006 as she lay dying .	Tony Chan , a businessman and feng shui enthusiast , claims to be the sole beneficiary of Wang 's estate based on her last will , drafted before 2007 as she lay dying .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Tony Chan , a businessman and feng shui enthusiast , claims to be the sole beneficiary of Wang 's estate based on her last will , drafted in 2006 as she lay dying .	Tony Chan , a businessman and feng shui enthusiast , claims to be the sole beneficiary of Wang 's estate based on her last will , drafted after 2006 as she lay dying .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	She had previously said she would leave Washington in October or November , no matter the outcome of the election , but her staff said last week she could stay until January to ensure the defeat of the Obama Administration 's health care bill .	She had previously said she would leave Washington before november or November , no matter the outcome of the election , but her staff said last week she could stay until January to ensure the defeat of the Obama Administration 's health care bill .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She had previously said she would leave Washington in October or November , no matter the outcome of the election , but her staff said last week she could stay until January to ensure the defeat of the Obama Administration 's health care bill .	She had previously said she would leave Washington after October or November , no matter the outcome of the election , but her staff said last week she could stay until January to ensure the defeat of the Obama Administration 's health care bill .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	She brought hundreds of thousands to the streets when she returned from exile in 1986 , a singularly triumphant moment in Pakistan 's history that helped propel her to the prime ministership .	She brought hundreds of thousands to the streets when she returned from exile before 1987 , a singularly triumphant moment in Pakistan 's history that helped propel her to the prime ministership .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She brought hundreds of thousands to the streets when she returned from exile in 1986 , a singularly triumphant moment in Pakistan 's history that helped propel her to the prime ministership .	She brought hundreds of thousands to the streets when she returned from exile after 1986 , a singularly triumphant moment in Pakistan 's history that helped propel her to the prime ministership .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Taylor 's alleged shooter was only 17 when the crime was committed in November .	Taylor 's alleged shooter was only 17 when the crime was committed before december .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Taylor 's alleged shooter was only 17 when the crime was committed in November .	Taylor 's alleged shooter was only 17 when the crime was committed after November .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	KABUL , Oct 12 - Afghanistan 's election watchdog changed its fraud-tallying rules for the second time in less than a week on Monday , switching back to a formula that lowers the chance of overturning President Hamid Karzai 's first-round win .	KABUL , Oct 12 - Afghanistan 's election watchdog changed its fraud-tallying rules for the second time after less than a week on Monday , switching back to a formula that lowers the chance of overturning President Hamid Karzai 's first-round win .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This compares with Facebook 's 77 million this June , more than double the 37.4 million in the prior year .	This compares with Facebook 's 77 million this June , more than double the 37.4 million after the prior year .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mailer , 84 , gained literary acclaim with his first book , The Naked and the Dead , published in 1948 .	Mailer , 84 , gained literary acclaim with his first book , The Naked and the Dead , published before 1949 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mailer , 84 , gained literary acclaim with his first book , The Naked and the Dead , published in 1948 .	Mailer , 84 , gained literary acclaim with his first book , The Naked and the Dead , published after 1948 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	There 's been drinking in the building since the late 18th century , when it was erected on Water Street along the shore of Lower Manhattan .	There 's been drinking in the building before the late 18th century , when it was erected on Water Street along the shore of Lower Manhattan .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Upsizing to a bigger property is certainly an option , as prices , despite the rises of recent months , are still lower than they were at the peak of the market -- a flat that may have been out of your reach in early 2007 may now be within it .	Upsizing to a bigger property is certainly an option , as prices , despite the rises of recent months , are still lower than they were at the peak of the market -- a flat that may have been out of your reach before early 2008 may now be within it .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Upsizing to a bigger property is certainly an option , as prices , despite the rises of recent months , are still lower than they were at the peak of the market -- a flat that may have been out of your reach in early 2007 may now be within it .	Upsizing to a bigger property is certainly an option , as prices , despite the rises of recent months , are still lower than they were at the peak of the market -- a flat that may have been out of your reach after early 2007 may now be within it .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Lexmark expects these October 2009 actions will generate savings of approximately $ 70 million in 2010 and ongoing savings of $ 110 million beginning in 2011 with approximately 60 percent impacting operating expense and 40 percent impacting cost of goods sold .	Lexmark expects these October 2009 actions will generate savings of approximately $ 70 million before 2011 and ongoing savings of $ 110 million beginning in 2011 with approximately 60 percent impacting operating expense and 40 percent impacting cost of goods sold .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Lexmark expects these October 2009 actions will generate savings of approximately $ 70 million in 2010 and ongoing savings of $ 110 million beginning in 2011 with approximately 60 percent impacting operating expense and 40 percent impacting cost of goods sold .	Lexmark expects these October 2009 actions will generate savings of approximately $ 70 million after 2010 and ongoing savings of $ 110 million beginning in 2011 with approximately 60 percent impacting operating expense and 40 percent impacting cost of goods sold .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	She retired in 1991 , a bright and sparky 79-year-old , and moved to the South of France , where she indulged her love of painting .	She retired before 1992 , a bright and sparky 79-year-old , and moved to the South of France , where she indulged her love of painting .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She retired in 1991 , a bright and sparky 79-year-old , and moved to the South of France , where she indulged her love of painting .	She retired after 1991 , a bright and sparky 79-year-old , and moved to the South of France , where she indulged her love of painting .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A criminal complaint lodged in Los Angeles said Emily Leatherman had stalked Cusack between February last year and March 31 2008 .	A criminal complaint lodged in Los Angeles said Emily Leatherman had stalked Cusack between january last year and March 31 2008 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	A criminal complaint lodged in Los Angeles said Emily Leatherman had stalked Cusack between February last year and March 31 2008 .	A criminal complaint lodged in Los Angeles said Emily Leatherman had stalked Cusack between march last year and March 31 2008 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Certainly at last month 's Casual Connect -- a conference for the casual games industry -- social-network games were the topic everyone seemed to be talking about .	Certainly after last month 's Casual Connect -- a conference for the casual games industry -- social-network games were the topic everyone seemed to be talking about .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The threats came as Indonesia 's Attorney General 's Office rejected reports that the bombers ' executions had been due to go ahead last night but were delayed at the last minute .	The threats came as Indonesia 's Attorney General 's Office rejected reports that the bombers ' executions had been due to go ahead last night but were delayed after the last minute .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The first major city beach , the Paris Plage , was created in 2002 along the banks of the river Seine , complete with sand and palm trees . ''	The first major city beach , the Paris Plage , was created before 2003 along the banks of the river Seine , complete with sand and palm trees . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The first major city beach , the Paris Plage , was created in 2002 along the banks of the river Seine , complete with sand and palm trees . ''	The first major city beach , the Paris Plage , was created after 2002 along the banks of the river Seine , complete with sand and palm trees . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The incident happened northbound between junction 9 and 10 at about 2220 GMT on Tuesday .	The incident happened northbound between junction 9 and 10 before about 2221 GMT on Tuesday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The incident happened northbound between junction 9 and 10 at about 2220 GMT on Tuesday .	The incident happened northbound between junction 9 and 10 after about 2220 GMT on Tuesday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The battle between Deripaska 's Rusal and Potanin intensified in late summer , when Norilsk announced plans to buy back US $ 1.8 billion worth of shares amid a global credit squeeze from shareholders -- at three times their value .	The battle between Deripaska 's Rusal and Potanin intensified before late autumn , when Norilsk announced plans to buy back US $ 1.8 billion worth of shares amid a global credit squeeze from shareholders -- at three times their value .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The battle between Deripaska 's Rusal and Potanin intensified in late summer , when Norilsk announced plans to buy back US $ 1.8 billion worth of shares amid a global credit squeeze from shareholders -- at three times their value .	The battle between Deripaska 's Rusal and Potanin intensified after late summer , when Norilsk announced plans to buy back US $ 1.8 billion worth of shares amid a global credit squeeze from shareholders -- at three times their value .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Bilateral trade between the giants grew to nearly 48 billion dollars in 2008 , nearly double the volume in 2004 , according to Chinese figures .	Bilateral trade between the giants grew to nearly 48 billion dollars before 2009 , nearly double the volume in 2004 , according to Chinese figures .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Bilateral trade between the giants grew to nearly 48 billion dollars in 2008 , nearly double the volume in 2004 , according to Chinese figures .	Bilateral trade between the giants grew to nearly 48 billion dollars after 2008 , nearly double the volume in 2004 , according to Chinese figures .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 23-year-old Janka became the first man since 2007 to win three consecutive alpine men 's World Cup ski races when he won the giant slalom on the Birds of Prey course at Beaver Creek last weekend to add to his earlier victories in downhill and super combined .	The 23-year-old Janka became the first man since 2009 to win three consecutive alpine men 's World Cup ski races when he won the giant slalom on the Birds of Prey course at Beaver Creek last weekend to add to his earlier victories in downhill and super combined .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The 23-year-old Janka became the first man since 2007 to win three consecutive alpine men 's World Cup ski races when he won the giant slalom on the Birds of Prey course at Beaver Creek last weekend to add to his earlier victories in downhill and super combined .	The 23-year-old Janka became the first man before 2007 to win three consecutive alpine men 's World Cup ski races when he won the giant slalom on the Birds of Prey course at Beaver Creek last weekend to add to his earlier victories in downhill and super combined .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The trafficking of human beings and sex slavery are unconscionable in this day and age and will not be tolerated , '' U.S. Attorney Benton Campbell said .	The trafficking of human beings and sex slavery are unconscionable after this day and age and will not be tolerated , '' U.S. Attorney Benton Campbell said .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A total of 8.1 million homes , or 16 percent of all households with mortgages , could fall into foreclosure by 2012 , according to a Credit Suisse report in December .	A total of 8.1 million homes , or 16 percent of all households with mortgages , could fall into foreclosure by 2012 , according to a Credit Suisse report before january .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A total of 8.1 million homes , or 16 percent of all households with mortgages , could fall into foreclosure by 2012 , according to a Credit Suisse report in December .	A total of 8.1 million homes , or 16 percent of all households with mortgages , could fall into foreclosure by 2012 , according to a Credit Suisse report after December .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- -- The FBI improperly used national security letters in 2006 to obtain personal data on Americans during terror and spy investigations , Director Robert Mueller said Wednesday .	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- -- The FBI improperly used national security letters before 2007 to obtain personal data on Americans during terror and spy investigations , Director Robert Mueller said Wednesday .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- -- The FBI improperly used national security letters in 2006 to obtain personal data on Americans during terror and spy investigations , Director Robert Mueller said Wednesday .	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- -- The FBI improperly used national security letters after 2006 to obtain personal data on Americans during terror and spy investigations , Director Robert Mueller said Wednesday .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Comelec records also show that 68 Ampatuans are running in this year 's May 10 elections .	Comelec records also show that 68 Ampatuans are running before this year 's june 10 elections .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Comelec records also show that 68 Ampatuans are running in this year 's May 10 elections .	Comelec records also show that 68 Ampatuans are running after this year 's May 10 elections .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	One of the most widely known accidents caused by text messaging while driving was in June 2008 when five teen girls from Rochester , New York , were killed in a collision with a tractor .	One of the most widely known accidents caused by text messaging while driving was before july 2008 when five teen girls from Rochester , New York , were killed in a collision with a tractor .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	One of the most widely known accidents caused by text messaging while driving was in June 2008 when five teen girls from Rochester , New York , were killed in a collision with a tractor .	One of the most widely known accidents caused by text messaging while driving was after June 2008 when five teen girls from Rochester , New York , were killed in a collision with a tractor .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Downey was leaving the firm he and a partner had opened four years earlier for a job as managing principal at Michelle Kaufmann Designs in Oakland , which specialized in green , modular houses .	Downey was leaving the firm he and a partner had opened four years time for a job as managing principal at Michelle Kaufmann Designs in Oakland , which specialized in green , modular houses .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	International interest has been focused on the plight of an American hostage , Richard Phillips , held by four pirates on a lifeboat flanked by US naval warships in a high seas stand-off since Wednesday .	International interest has been focused on the plight of an American hostage , Richard Phillips , held by four pirates on a lifeboat flanked by US naval warships in a high seas stand-off before Wednesday .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The court 's pretrial chamber has referred Sudan 's noncompliance with its obligation to cooperate with the court to the Security Council in May , Song said .	The court 's pretrial chamber has referred Sudan 's noncompliance with its obligation to cooperate with the court to the Security Council before june , Song said .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The court 's pretrial chamber has referred Sudan 's noncompliance with its obligation to cooperate with the court to the Security Council in May , Song said .	The court 's pretrial chamber has referred Sudan 's noncompliance with its obligation to cooperate with the court to the Security Council after May , Song said .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	She then made her most recent move to Germany in 2005 because she needed top medical treatment for her son Alisher 's leukaemia , which she says has proved successful .	She then made her most recent move to Germany before 2006 because she needed top medical treatment for her son Alisher 's leukaemia , which she says has proved successful .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She then made her most recent move to Germany in 2005 because she needed top medical treatment for her son Alisher 's leukaemia , which she says has proved successful .	She then made her most recent move to Germany after 2005 because she needed top medical treatment for her son Alisher 's leukaemia , which she says has proved successful .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But for both boys and girls , being encouraged to diet roughly tripled their likelihood of still being overweight five years later .	But for both boys and girls , being encouraged to diet roughly tripled their likelihood of still being overweight five years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A few months later , in June 2007 , Wong-Hernandez left the school , telling Rhee that the handling of that incident was the major reason .	A few months later , before july 2007 , Wong-Hernandez left the school , telling Rhee that the handling of that incident was the major reason .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few months later , in June 2007 , Wong-Hernandez left the school , telling Rhee that the handling of that incident was the major reason .	A few months later , after June 2007 , Wong-Hernandez left the school , telling Rhee that the handling of that incident was the major reason .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Bikey 's second 10 minutes later merely emphasised home superiority and Sebastian Larsson 's added time free-kick was a mere consolation for out-classed Birmingham .	Bikey 's second 10 minutes time merely emphasised home superiority and Sebastian Larsson 's added time free-kick was a mere consolation for out-classed Birmingham .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But that statement became inaccurate and misleading after the California Supreme Court ruled in May that same-sex marriages in the state were legal , gay rights advocates argue in a lawsuit filed June 20 seeking to throw out the ballot initiative .	But that statement became inaccurate and misleading after the California Supreme Court ruled before june that same-sex marriages in the state were legal , gay rights advocates argue in a lawsuit filed June 20 seeking to throw out the ballot initiative .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But that statement became inaccurate and misleading after the California Supreme Court ruled in May that same-sex marriages in the state were legal , gay rights advocates argue in a lawsuit filed June 20 seeking to throw out the ballot initiative .	But that statement became inaccurate and misleading after the California Supreme Court ruled after May that same-sex marriages in the state were legal , gay rights advocates argue in a lawsuit filed June 20 seeking to throw out the ballot initiative .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Overall , the region returned almost 70pc in 2009 -- a figure all the more impressive given that it saw comparatively little interest from international investors .	Overall , the region returned almost 70pc before 2010 -- a figure all the more impressive given that it saw comparatively little interest from international investors .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Overall , the region returned almost 70pc in 2009 -- a figure all the more impressive given that it saw comparatively little interest from international investors .	Overall , the region returned almost 70pc after 2009 -- a figure all the more impressive given that it saw comparatively little interest from international investors .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	John Paul was elected pope in 1978 and played a pivotal role in Polish history , inspiring the birth of Lech Walesa 's anti-communist Solidarity movement , raising spirits during a martial law crackdown in the 1980s and bolstering the Polish church as it supported the democracy struggle .	John Paul was elected pope before 1979 and played a pivotal role in Polish history , inspiring the birth of Lech Walesa 's anti-communist Solidarity movement , raising spirits during a martial law crackdown in the 1980s and bolstering the Polish church as it supported the democracy struggle .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	John Paul was elected pope in 1978 and played a pivotal role in Polish history , inspiring the birth of Lech Walesa 's anti-communist Solidarity movement , raising spirits during a martial law crackdown in the 1980s and bolstering the Polish church as it supported the democracy struggle .	John Paul was elected pope after 1978 and played a pivotal role in Polish history , inspiring the birth of Lech Walesa 's anti-communist Solidarity movement , raising spirits during a martial law crackdown in the 1980s and bolstering the Polish church as it supported the democracy struggle .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	IndyMac was founded in 1985 by David Loeb and Angelo Mozilo , who also founded Countrywide , another big mortgage lender whose loans helped fuel the housing boom .	IndyMac was founded before 1986 by David Loeb and Angelo Mozilo , who also founded Countrywide , another big mortgage lender whose loans helped fuel the housing boom .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	IndyMac was founded in 1985 by David Loeb and Angelo Mozilo , who also founded Countrywide , another big mortgage lender whose loans helped fuel the housing boom .	IndyMac was founded after 1985 by David Loeb and Angelo Mozilo , who also founded Countrywide , another big mortgage lender whose loans helped fuel the housing boom .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Bernard Hopkins Bernard Hopkins is hoping to meet with Joe Calzaghe 's camp to start talks about another cross-Atlantic super-fight in 2008 .	Bernard Hopkins Bernard Hopkins is hoping to meet with Joe Calzaghe 's camp to start talks about another cross-Atlantic super-fight before 2009 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Bernard Hopkins Bernard Hopkins is hoping to meet with Joe Calzaghe 's camp to start talks about another cross-Atlantic super-fight in 2008 .	Bernard Hopkins Bernard Hopkins is hoping to meet with Joe Calzaghe 's camp to start talks about another cross-Atlantic super-fight after 2008 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Figures published after The Economist went to press were expected to show that the euro area 's economy grew faster than America 's in the second quarter , thanks largely to supercharged Germany .	Figures published after The Economist went to press were expected to show that the euro area 's economy grew faster than America 's after the second quarter , thanks largely to supercharged Germany .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Several aid agencies , such as World Vision , Save the Children and the World Food Programme , are already being given access to affected areas and have plans to airlift large qualities of supplies into the country in the coming days .	Several aid agencies , such as World Vision , Save the Children and the World Food Programme , are already being given access to affected areas and have plans to airlift large qualities of supplies into the country after the coming days .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Privately , both Labour and Tory strategists believe the Tory lead nationally is about five or six points , even though a YouGov survey at the weekend put it at just two points .	Privately , both Labour and Tory strategists believe the Tory lead nationally is about five or six points , even though a YouGov survey after the weekend put it at just two points .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	-LRB- AP -RRB- The man accused of stabbing a University of Connecticut football player to death in October pleaded not guilty to murder and waived his right to a probable cause hearing .	-LRB- AP -RRB- The man accused of stabbing a University of Connecticut football player to death before november pleaded not guilty to murder and waived his right to a probable cause hearing .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	-LRB- AP -RRB- The man accused of stabbing a University of Connecticut football player to death in October pleaded not guilty to murder and waived his right to a probable cause hearing .	-LRB- AP -RRB- The man accused of stabbing a University of Connecticut football player to death after October pleaded not guilty to murder and waived his right to a probable cause hearing .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Tennessee gave Jones permission to talk to other teams weeks ago , and the cornerback had been barred from working out on their property in February .	Tennessee gave Jones permission to talk to other teams weeks ago , and the cornerback had been barred from working out on their property before march .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Tennessee gave Jones permission to talk to other teams weeks ago , and the cornerback had been barred from working out on their property in February .	Tennessee gave Jones permission to talk to other teams weeks ago , and the cornerback had been barred from working out on their property after February .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	As the Conservatives approached electoral disaster in 1997 , I noticed that our erstwhile supporters were alienated less by our big failure -- being forced out of the European exchange-rate mechanism -- and more by a generalised feeling that life had become unfair .	As the Conservatives approached electoral disaster before 1998 , I noticed that our erstwhile supporters were alienated less by our big failure -- being forced out of the European exchange-rate mechanism -- and more by a generalised feeling that life had become unfair .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	As the Conservatives approached electoral disaster in 1997 , I noticed that our erstwhile supporters were alienated less by our big failure -- being forced out of the European exchange-rate mechanism -- and more by a generalised feeling that life had become unfair .	As the Conservatives approached electoral disaster after 1997 , I noticed that our erstwhile supporters were alienated less by our big failure -- being forced out of the European exchange-rate mechanism -- and more by a generalised feeling that life had become unfair .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	So the New York Federal Reserve in November decided to buy up the debt securities on which AIG had written protection .	So the New York Federal Reserve before december decided to buy up the debt securities on which AIG had written protection .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	So the New York Federal Reserve in November decided to buy up the debt securities on which AIG had written protection .	So the New York Federal Reserve after November decided to buy up the debt securities on which AIG had written protection .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He fled a week later and was involved in an assault on police a month before he fatally shot McDonald , authorities said .	He fled a week time and was involved in an assault on police a month before he fatally shot McDonald , authorities said .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Gooden has a storied history of substance abuse dating back to his playing days in the late ' 80s .	Gooden has a storied history of substance abuse dating back to his playing days after the late ' 80s .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Much of Mr. Tiravanija 's art in the past has been as much about distribution as collection , about giving things away : he has made music in museums , cooked meals in galleries , let people crash in his home , handed out instructions on how to transmit pirate radio broadcasts .	Much of Mr. Tiravanija 's art after the past has been as much about distribution as collection , about giving things away : he has made music in museums , cooked meals in galleries , let people crash in his home , handed out instructions on how to transmit pirate radio broadcasts .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	People think it will be a war , a clash between two reigning champions from this country hasn ' t happened since Nigel Benn v Chris Eubank in 1993 , '' 27-year-old Haye told Sport Wales .	People think it will be a war , a clash between two reigning champions from this country hasn ' t happened since Nigel Benn v Chris Eubank before 1994 , '' 27-year-old Haye told Sport Wales .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	People think it will be a war , a clash between two reigning champions from this country hasn ' t happened since Nigel Benn v Chris Eubank in 1993 , '' 27-year-old Haye told Sport Wales .	People think it will be a war , a clash between two reigning champions from this country hasn ' t happened since Nigel Benn v Chris Eubank after 1993 , '' 27-year-old Haye told Sport Wales .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Only days later , she told investigators , did she learn that her disappearance had made headlines and prompted a costly search by authorities , who had feared that Solanki might have drowned in a river .	Only days time , she told investigators , did she learn that her disappearance had made headlines and prompted a costly search by authorities , who had feared that Solanki might have drowned in a river .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Lloyds is also expected to give up its part of TSB Scotland , which it bought in 1995 , Cheltenham & Gloucester , the mortgage lender , and Intelligent Finance , the online bank .	Lloyds is also expected to give up its part of TSB Scotland , which it bought before 1996 , Cheltenham & Gloucester , the mortgage lender , and Intelligent Finance , the online bank .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Lloyds is also expected to give up its part of TSB Scotland , which it bought in 1995 , Cheltenham & Gloucester , the mortgage lender , and Intelligent Finance , the online bank .	Lloyds is also expected to give up its part of TSB Scotland , which it bought after 1995 , Cheltenham & Gloucester , the mortgage lender , and Intelligent Finance , the online bank .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	According to the latest available figures , more than 642,000 total workers were employed by the aerospace industry in September .	According to the latest available figures , more than 642,000 total workers were employed by the aerospace industry before october .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	According to the latest available figures , more than 642,000 total workers were employed by the aerospace industry in September .	According to the latest available figures , more than 642,000 total workers were employed by the aerospace industry after September .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	House Speaker Nancy Pelosi tapped Van Hollen as chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee in 2006 .	House Speaker Nancy Pelosi tapped Van Hollen as chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee before 2007 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	House Speaker Nancy Pelosi tapped Van Hollen as chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee in 2006 .	House Speaker Nancy Pelosi tapped Van Hollen as chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee after 2006 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The five-year deal is an unprecedented concession for a company that , since its founding by Bill Gates and his partners in 1975 , had largely defined , exploited and defended the advantages and rights of proprietary , commercial software .	The five-year deal is an unprecedented concession for a company that , since its founding by Bill Gates and his partners before 1976 , had largely defined , exploited and defended the advantages and rights of proprietary , commercial software .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The five-year deal is an unprecedented concession for a company that , since its founding by Bill Gates and his partners in 1975 , had largely defined , exploited and defended the advantages and rights of proprietary , commercial software .	The five-year deal is an unprecedented concession for a company that , since its founding by Bill Gates and his partners after 1975 , had largely defined , exploited and defended the advantages and rights of proprietary , commercial software .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Following a £ 19m investment programme to improve facilities the unit was lifted out of special measures in 2006 .	Following a £ 19m investment programme to improve facilities the unit was lifted out of special measures before 2007 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Following a £ 19m investment programme to improve facilities the unit was lifted out of special measures in 2006 .	Following a £ 19m investment programme to improve facilities the unit was lifted out of special measures after 2006 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Sonntag said UBS would write down at least another $ 2bn on illiquid assets and slash another 8,000 jobs , after cutting more than 7,000 jobs since mid-2007 and announcing in February a further 2,000 cuts . ''	Sonntag said UBS would write down at least another $ 2bn on illiquid assets and slash another 8,000 jobs , after cutting more than 7,000 jobs since mid-2007 and announcing before march a further 2,000 cuts . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sonntag said UBS would write down at least another $ 2bn on illiquid assets and slash another 8,000 jobs , after cutting more than 7,000 jobs since mid-2007 and announcing in February a further 2,000 cuts . ''	Sonntag said UBS would write down at least another $ 2bn on illiquid assets and slash another 8,000 jobs , after cutting more than 7,000 jobs since mid-2007 and announcing after February a further 2,000 cuts . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A special election is scheduled in January to fill out the remainder of Kennedy 's term .	A special election is scheduled before february to fill out the remainder of Kennedy 's term .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A special election is scheduled in January to fill out the remainder of Kennedy 's term .	A special election is scheduled after January to fill out the remainder of Kennedy 's term .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A day earlier , speaking to reporters , he was even kinder to the unpopular president , saying that while he differed with Bush at times he still deeply respects him .	A day time , speaking to reporters , he was even kinder to the unpopular president , saying that while he differed with Bush at times he still deeply respects him .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Egyptian and Belgian authorities both said the incident took place in July .	Egyptian and Belgian authorities both said the incident took place before august .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Egyptian and Belgian authorities both said the incident took place in July .	Egyptian and Belgian authorities both said the incident took place after July .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The ceremony will be broadcast on Radio 2 on Tuesday 22 July at 2230 BST , with highlights played on the Jazz Line-Up show on Radio 3 on Saturday 26 July at 1600 BST .	The ceremony will be broadcast on Radio 2 on Tuesday 22 July before 2231 BST , with highlights played on the Jazz Line-Up show on Radio 3 on Saturday 26 July at 1600 BST .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The ceremony will be broadcast on Radio 2 on Tuesday 22 July at 2230 BST , with highlights played on the Jazz Line-Up show on Radio 3 on Saturday 26 July at 1600 BST .	The ceremony will be broadcast on Radio 2 on Tuesday 22 July after 2230 BST , with highlights played on the Jazz Line-Up show on Radio 3 on Saturday 26 July at 1600 BST .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A man , aged 26 , suffered gunshot wounds to his leg during an incident on Yorkshire Street , Rochdale , in the early hours of Friday .	A man , aged 26 , suffered gunshot wounds to his leg during an incident on Yorkshire Street , Rochdale , after the early hours of Friday .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The verdict is a remarkable mirror-image of the decision initially taken against McLaren in July when they were found guilty of being in unauthorised possession of technical information belonging to Ferrari .	The verdict is a remarkable mirror-image of the decision initially taken against McLaren before august when they were found guilty of being in unauthorised possession of technical information belonging to Ferrari .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The verdict is a remarkable mirror-image of the decision initially taken against McLaren in July when they were found guilty of being in unauthorised possession of technical information belonging to Ferrari .	The verdict is a remarkable mirror-image of the decision initially taken against McLaren after July when they were found guilty of being in unauthorised possession of technical information belonging to Ferrari .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The HughesNet consumer service continues to achieve impressive growth with record achievements in the second quarter of 2009 .	The HughesNet consumer service continues to achieve impressive growth with record achievements before the second quarter of 2010 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The HughesNet consumer service continues to achieve impressive growth with record achievements in the second quarter of 2009 .	The HughesNet consumer service continues to achieve impressive growth with record achievements after the second quarter of 2009 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Howard Archer of IHS Global Insight said the public finances would make sober reading for Darling , who will have to tear up his previous forecasts in next month 's budget .	Howard Archer of IHS Global Insight said the public finances would make sober reading for Darling , who will have to tear up his previous forecasts after next month 's budget .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Police now know he was killed sometime after 2200 BST on Monday .	Police now know he was killed sometime after 2201 BST on Monday .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Police now know he was killed sometime after 2200 BST on Monday .	Police now know he was killed sometime after 2199 BST on Monday .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Police now know he was killed sometime after 2200 BST on Monday .	Police now know he was killed sometime at 2200 BST on Monday .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	England have had two nightmares this year already , before Friday .	England have had two nightmares this year already , at Friday .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Andalusia 's hilly route did no favours to cycling 's most prolific winner in 2009 -- including a record-breaking six Tour de France stages -- but neither has Cavendish 's battle against a severe tooth infection , which partially wrecked his pre-season training and pushed back his race start by two weeks .	Andalusia 's hilly route did no favours to cycling 's most prolific winner before 2010 -- including a record-breaking six Tour de France stages -- but neither has Cavendish 's battle against a severe tooth infection , which partially wrecked his pre-season training and pushed back his race start by two weeks .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Andalusia 's hilly route did no favours to cycling 's most prolific winner in 2009 -- including a record-breaking six Tour de France stages -- but neither has Cavendish 's battle against a severe tooth infection , which partially wrecked his pre-season training and pushed back his race start by two weeks .	Andalusia 's hilly route did no favours to cycling 's most prolific winner after 2009 -- including a record-breaking six Tour de France stages -- but neither has Cavendish 's battle against a severe tooth infection , which partially wrecked his pre-season training and pushed back his race start by two weeks .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Gary Hart , who also ran unsuccessfully in 1984 , sold 92 lithographs by the artist Robert Rauschenberg to try to pay off his debts -LRB- $ 1.3 million for is ' 84 campaign and another $ 313,000 for his run in ' 88 -RRB- .	Gary Hart , who also ran unsuccessfully before 1985 , sold 92 lithographs by the artist Robert Rauschenberg to try to pay off his debts -LRB- $ 1.3 million for is ' 84 campaign and another $ 313,000 for his run in ' 88 -RRB- .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Gary Hart , who also ran unsuccessfully in 1984 , sold 92 lithographs by the artist Robert Rauschenberg to try to pay off his debts -LRB- $ 1.3 million for is ' 84 campaign and another $ 313,000 for his run in ' 88 -RRB- .	Gary Hart , who also ran unsuccessfully after 1984 , sold 92 lithographs by the artist Robert Rauschenberg to try to pay off his debts -LRB- $ 1.3 million for is ' 84 campaign and another $ 313,000 for his run in ' 88 -RRB- .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Net loss for the third quarter of 2008 was $ 5.8 million compared to a net profit of $ 153,000 in the third quarter of 2007 .	Net loss for the third quarter of 2008 was $ 5.8 million compared to a net profit of $ 153,000 before the third quarter of 2008 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Net loss for the third quarter of 2008 was $ 5.8 million compared to a net profit of $ 153,000 in the third quarter of 2007 .	Net loss for the third quarter of 2008 was $ 5.8 million compared to a net profit of $ 153,000 after the third quarter of 2007 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Yesterday , AT & T reported the effort is showing early success , saying more than half of new customers chose a device other than the iPhone last quarter , up from 36 percent a year earlier .	Yesterday , AT & T reported the effort is showing early success , saying more than half of new customers chose a device other than the iPhone last quarter , up from 36 percent a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It agreed in October to pay a fine of 201 million euros to put an end to some German legal proceedings but is also the subject of a potentially damaging probe by the US Securities and Exchange Commission .	It agreed before november to pay a fine of 201 million euros to put an end to some German legal proceedings but is also the subject of a potentially damaging probe by the US Securities and Exchange Commission .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It agreed in October to pay a fine of 201 million euros to put an end to some German legal proceedings but is also the subject of a potentially damaging probe by the US Securities and Exchange Commission .	It agreed after October to pay a fine of 201 million euros to put an end to some German legal proceedings but is also the subject of a potentially damaging probe by the US Securities and Exchange Commission .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	During the quarter ended June 30 , 2009 , we entered into an agreement with two holders of our outstanding trust preferred securities -LRB- '' TRUPs '' -RRB- with an aggregate liquidation amount of $ 56.3 million to exchange such TRUPs for the following : -LRB- i -RRB- $ 70.3 million aggregate principal amount of junior subordinated notes due in 2037 -LRB- the '' Notes '' -RRB- ; -LRB- ii -RRB- the issuance of 307,203 unregistered shares of our common stock ; and / or -LRB- iii -RRB- certain cash payments .	During the quarter ended June 30 , 2009 , we entered into an agreement with two holders of our outstanding trust preferred securities -LRB- '' TRUPs '' -RRB- with an aggregate liquidation amount of $ 56.3 million to exchange such TRUPs for the following : -LRB- i -RRB- $ 70.3 million aggregate principal amount of junior subordinated notes due before 2038 -LRB- the '' Notes '' -RRB- ; -LRB- ii -RRB- the issuance of 307,203 unregistered shares of our common stock ; and / or -LRB- iii -RRB- certain cash payments .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	During the quarter ended June 30 , 2009 , we entered into an agreement with two holders of our outstanding trust preferred securities -LRB- '' TRUPs '' -RRB- with an aggregate liquidation amount of $ 56.3 million to exchange such TRUPs for the following : -LRB- i -RRB- $ 70.3 million aggregate principal amount of junior subordinated notes due in 2037 -LRB- the '' Notes '' -RRB- ; -LRB- ii -RRB- the issuance of 307,203 unregistered shares of our common stock ; and / or -LRB- iii -RRB- certain cash payments .	During the quarter ended June 30 , 2009 , we entered into an agreement with two holders of our outstanding trust preferred securities -LRB- '' TRUPs '' -RRB- with an aggregate liquidation amount of $ 56.3 million to exchange such TRUPs for the following : -LRB- i -RRB- $ 70.3 million aggregate principal amount of junior subordinated notes due after 2037 -LRB- the '' Notes '' -RRB- ; -LRB- ii -RRB- the issuance of 307,203 unregistered shares of our common stock ; and / or -LRB- iii -RRB- certain cash payments .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Give me my $ 140,000 and let me go , '' said Walter Dowery , 36 , who has been with the company since its founding in 1994 .	Give me my $ 140,000 and let me go , '' said Walter Dowery , 36 , who has been with the company since its founding before 1995 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Give me my $ 140,000 and let me go , '' said Walter Dowery , 36 , who has been with the company since its founding in 1994 .	Give me my $ 140,000 and let me go , '' said Walter Dowery , 36 , who has been with the company since its founding after 1994 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The IDC and Gartner research firms reported on Wednesday that worldwide PC shipments grew less than expected in the fourth quarter , largely due to the impact of Apple 's iPad .	The IDC and Gartner research firms reported on Wednesday that worldwide PC shipments grew less than expected after the fourth quarter , largely due to the impact of Apple 's iPad .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Yosemite 's fire staff set a 60-acre prescribed fire near the community of El Portal in July to no ill effect .	Yosemite 's fire staff set a 60-acre prescribed fire near the community of El Portal before august to no ill effect .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Yosemite 's fire staff set a 60-acre prescribed fire near the community of El Portal in July to no ill effect .	Yosemite 's fire staff set a 60-acre prescribed fire near the community of El Portal after July to no ill effect .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Most believe it will be announced very sdoon and hit the shelves in 2010 . ''	Most believe it will be announced very sdoon and hit the shelves before 2011 . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Most believe it will be announced very sdoon and hit the shelves in 2010 . ''	Most believe it will be announced very sdoon and hit the shelves after 2010 . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - When Sonia Sotomayor is sworn in Saturday to the Supreme Court , she 'll be able to claim two firsts : first Hispanic justice and first high court member to have her oath-taking made available to TV cameras .	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - When Sonia Sotomayor is sworn after Saturday to the Supreme Court , she 'll be able to claim two firsts : first Hispanic justice and first high court member to have her oath-taking made available to TV cameras .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Initial success came at Christmas 2007 -- the first festive season under his leadership -- when Morrison trounced Tesco with canny promotions and an advertising campaign featuring Lulu and Denise van Outen .	Initial success came before Christmas 2008 -- the first festive season under his leadership -- when Morrison trounced Tesco with canny promotions and an advertising campaign featuring Lulu and Denise van Outen .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Initial success came at Christmas 2007 -- the first festive season under his leadership -- when Morrison trounced Tesco with canny promotions and an advertising campaign featuring Lulu and Denise van Outen .	Initial success came after Christmas 2007 -- the first festive season under his leadership -- when Morrison trounced Tesco with canny promotions and an advertising campaign featuring Lulu and Denise van Outen .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In 1883 Reuters began to use a '' column printer '' to transmit messages electrically to London newspapers and in 1923 pioneered the use of radio to transmit news internationally .	In 1883 Reuters began to use a '' column printer '' to transmit messages electrically to London newspapers and before 1924 pioneered the use of radio to transmit news internationally .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In 1883 Reuters began to use a '' column printer '' to transmit messages electrically to London newspapers and in 1923 pioneered the use of radio to transmit news internationally .	In 1883 Reuters began to use a '' column printer '' to transmit messages electrically to London newspapers and after 1923 pioneered the use of radio to transmit news internationally .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The city 's firefighters responded to 490,767 calls in 2007 , a slight increase from 484,954 in 2006 , Mr. Scoppetta said .	The city 's firefighters responded to 490,767 calls before 2008 , a slight increase from 484,954 in 2006 , Mr. Scoppetta said .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The city 's firefighters responded to 490,767 calls in 2007 , a slight increase from 484,954 in 2006 , Mr. Scoppetta said .	The city 's firefighters responded to 490,767 calls after 2007 , a slight increase from 484,954 in 2006 , Mr. Scoppetta said .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Launched in 1995 , Maxim was selling 328,000 copies a month at its 2000 peak , but sales have slumped in recent years and had dipped to 46,000 by the second half of 2008 -- a year-on-year fall of 41 per cent .	Launched before 1996 , Maxim was selling 328,000 copies a month at its 2000 peak , but sales have slumped in recent years and had dipped to 46,000 by the second half of 2008 -- a year-on-year fall of 41 per cent .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Launched in 1995 , Maxim was selling 328,000 copies a month at its 2000 peak , but sales have slumped in recent years and had dipped to 46,000 by the second half of 2008 -- a year-on-year fall of 41 per cent .	Launched after 1995 , Maxim was selling 328,000 copies a month at its 2000 peak , but sales have slumped in recent years and had dipped to 46,000 by the second half of 2008 -- a year-on-year fall of 41 per cent .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Investors are deserting Russia faster than at any time since 1998 , according to the Financial Times .	Investors are deserting Russia faster than at any time since 2000 , according to the Financial Times .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Investors are deserting Russia faster than at any time since 1998 , according to the Financial Times .	Investors are deserting Russia faster than at any time before 1998 , according to the Financial Times .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Missouri supported President Bush in 2000 and 2004 , and has gone with the winner in all but one presidential contest over the last century .	Missouri supported President Bush before 2001 and 2004 , and has gone with the winner in all but one presidential contest over the last century .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Missouri supported President Bush in 2000 and 2004 , and has gone with the winner in all but one presidential contest over the last century .	Missouri supported President Bush after 2000 and 2004 , and has gone with the winner in all but one presidential contest over the last century .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The firm claimed he had been given the yacht by Saddam , who was hanged in December 2006 .	The firm claimed he had been given the yacht by Saddam , who was hanged before january 2006 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The firm claimed he had been given the yacht by Saddam , who was hanged in December 2006 .	The firm claimed he had been given the yacht by Saddam , who was hanged after December 2006 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	An independence referendum in 1995 was heavily defeated .	An independence referendum before 1996 was heavily defeated .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	An independence referendum in 1995 was heavily defeated .	An independence referendum after 1995 was heavily defeated .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Back in 1995 , the NPT called for all states not party to the treaty to join .	Back before 1996 , the NPT called for all states not party to the treaty to join .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Back in 1995 , the NPT called for all states not party to the treaty to join .	Back after 1995 , the NPT called for all states not party to the treaty to join .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	On the other hand , if most of the people who bought the pass are business travelers who would have spent a few thousands bucks commuting on JetBlue in September and early October , the promotion could backfire in the near-term .	On the other hand , if most of the people who bought the pass are business travelers who would have spent a few thousands bucks commuting on JetBlue before october and early October , the promotion could backfire in the near-term .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	On the other hand , if most of the people who bought the pass are business travelers who would have spent a few thousands bucks commuting on JetBlue in September and early October , the promotion could backfire in the near-term .	On the other hand , if most of the people who bought the pass are business travelers who would have spent a few thousands bucks commuting on JetBlue after September and early October , the promotion could backfire in the near-term .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Google created its China-based Google.cn site in 2006 , agreeing to censor results by excluding sites to which the government blocked access .	Google created its China-based Google.cn site before 2007 , agreeing to censor results by excluding sites to which the government blocked access .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Google created its China-based Google.cn site in 2006 , agreeing to censor results by excluding sites to which the government blocked access .	Google created its China-based Google.cn site after 2006 , agreeing to censor results by excluding sites to which the government blocked access .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In addition , the energy white paper in 2003 also prioritised the renewables sector .	In addition , the energy white paper before 2004 also prioritised the renewables sector .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In addition , the energy white paper in 2003 also prioritised the renewables sector .	In addition , the energy white paper after 2003 also prioritised the renewables sector .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	With continued clinical advancement , Excellarate offers the potential to be commercially available in late 2011 or early 2012 .	With continued clinical advancement , Excellarate offers the potential to be commercially available before late 2012 or early 2012 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	With continued clinical advancement , Excellarate offers the potential to be commercially available in late 2011 or early 2012 .	With continued clinical advancement , Excellarate offers the potential to be commercially available after late 2011 or early 2012 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He also served as the city 's treasurer and a hard-working lord provost and lord lieutenant of Aberdeen in 1970 .	He also served as the city 's treasurer and a hard-working lord provost and lord lieutenant of Aberdeen before 1971 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He also served as the city 's treasurer and a hard-working lord provost and lord lieutenant of Aberdeen in 1970 .	He also served as the city 's treasurer and a hard-working lord provost and lord lieutenant of Aberdeen after 1970 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The ISS , a hundred billion dollar project begun in 1998 with the participation of 16 countries , is financed mainly by the United States .	The ISS , a hundred billion dollar project begun before 1999 with the participation of 16 countries , is financed mainly by the United States .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The ISS , a hundred billion dollar project begun in 1998 with the participation of 16 countries , is financed mainly by the United States .	The ISS , a hundred billion dollar project begun after 1998 with the participation of 16 countries , is financed mainly by the United States .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Norway 's King Olav V , the monarch 's great grandson , died on 17 January 1991 meaning the club face eviction in 2012 .	Norway 's King Olav V , the monarch 's great grandson , died on 17 January 1991 meaning the club face eviction before 2013 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Norway 's King Olav V , the monarch 's great grandson , died on 17 January 1991 meaning the club face eviction in 2012 .	Norway 's King Olav V , the monarch 's great grandson , died on 17 January 1991 meaning the club face eviction after 2012 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But Takatoshi Ito , an economist at the University of Tokyo , thinks we are now in the spring of 1999 .	But Takatoshi Ito , an economist at the University of Tokyo , thinks we are now before the summer of 1999 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But Takatoshi Ito , an economist at the University of Tokyo , thinks we are now in the spring of 1999 .	But Takatoshi Ito , an economist at the University of Tokyo , thinks we are now after the spring of 1999 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The site , which was bought by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp for $ 580 million -LRB- £ 351 million -RRB- in 2005 , has also lost two chiefs executives in the last 10 months .	The site , which was bought by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp for $ 580 million -LRB- £ 351 million -RRB- before 2006 , has also lost two chiefs executives in the last 10 months .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The site , which was bought by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp for $ 580 million -LRB- £ 351 million -RRB- in 2005 , has also lost two chiefs executives in the last 10 months .	The site , which was bought by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp for $ 580 million -LRB- £ 351 million -RRB- after 2005 , has also lost two chiefs executives in the last 10 months .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A Vatican official who spoke on condition of anonymity told reporters in October the Pope would meet the spiritual leader of Tibetan Buddhism on December 13 .	A Vatican official who spoke on condition of anonymity told reporters before november the Pope would meet the spiritual leader of Tibetan Buddhism on December 13 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A Vatican official who spoke on condition of anonymity told reporters in October the Pope would meet the spiritual leader of Tibetan Buddhism on December 13 .	A Vatican official who spoke on condition of anonymity told reporters after October the Pope would meet the spiritual leader of Tibetan Buddhism on December 13 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Kim , who has traveled to China four times since 2000 , two of them in January , could be ready to announce his nation 's return to the six-party nuclear disarmament talks , some analysts say .	Kim , who has traveled to China four times since 2000 , two of them before february , could be ready to announce his nation 's return to the six-party nuclear disarmament talks , some analysts say .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Kim , who has traveled to China four times since 2000 , two of them in January , could be ready to announce his nation 's return to the six-party nuclear disarmament talks , some analysts say .	Kim , who has traveled to China four times since 2000 , two of them after January , could be ready to announce his nation 's return to the six-party nuclear disarmament talks , some analysts say .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The risk of decrepit or diseased body parts being given to unsuspecting patients was highlighted by the revelation earlier this year that two American patients had died , and another two were undergoing chemotherapy , after getting organs in 2007 from a teenager who was thought to have died from meningitis but was later found to have had a rare form of cancer .	The risk of decrepit or diseased body parts being given to unsuspecting patients was highlighted by the revelation earlier this year that two American patients had died , and another two were undergoing chemotherapy , after getting organs before 2008 from a teenager who was thought to have died from meningitis but was later found to have had a rare form of cancer .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The risk of decrepit or diseased body parts being given to unsuspecting patients was highlighted by the revelation earlier this year that two American patients had died , and another two were undergoing chemotherapy , after getting organs in 2007 from a teenager who was thought to have died from meningitis but was later found to have had a rare form of cancer .	The risk of decrepit or diseased body parts being given to unsuspecting patients was highlighted by the revelation earlier this year that two American patients had died , and another two were undergoing chemotherapy , after getting organs after 2007 from a teenager who was thought to have died from meningitis but was later found to have had a rare form of cancer .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The United States is willing to look at any '' concrete proposal '' from Colombian Marxist guerrillas holding three Americans hostages since 2003 , the US ambassador to Colombia said Wednesday .	The United States is willing to look at any '' concrete proposal '' from Colombian Marxist guerrillas holding three Americans hostages since 2005 , the US ambassador to Colombia said Wednesday .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The United States is willing to look at any '' concrete proposal '' from Colombian Marxist guerrillas holding three Americans hostages since 2003 , the US ambassador to Colombia said Wednesday .	The United States is willing to look at any '' concrete proposal '' from Colombian Marxist guerrillas holding three Americans hostages before 2003 , the US ambassador to Colombia said Wednesday .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nothing like this has ever happened here before today , '' said Jesus Rodriguez , whose home was swept away by a mudslide after he took his family to a relative 's house in a safer district .	Nothing like this has ever happened here at today , '' said Jesus Rodriguez , whose home was swept away by a mudslide after he took his family to a relative 's house in a safer district .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The company , which has had multiple management changes in the last year , said splitting could help attract better leadership for its mobile devices business .	The company , which has had multiple management changes after the last year , said splitting could help attract better leadership for its mobile devices business .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The youngest of her daughters lives with her during the week in Bedford and the pair sometimes go to the Cotswolds at the weekend .	The youngest of her daughters lives with her during the week in Bedford and the pair sometimes go to the Cotswolds after the weekend .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	According to fund statisticians Lipper , Jupiter Financial Opportunities has posted a total return of 857pc since launch in June 1997 to the end of August , making it by far the most successful UK unit trust over the period , with an annualised return of 19.8 pc .	According to fund statisticians Lipper , Jupiter Financial Opportunities has posted a total return of 857pc since launch before july 1997 to the end of August , making it by far the most successful UK unit trust over the period , with an annualised return of 19.8 pc .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	According to fund statisticians Lipper , Jupiter Financial Opportunities has posted a total return of 857pc since launch in June 1997 to the end of August , making it by far the most successful UK unit trust over the period , with an annualised return of 19.8 pc .	According to fund statisticians Lipper , Jupiter Financial Opportunities has posted a total return of 857pc since launch after June 1997 to the end of August , making it by far the most successful UK unit trust over the period , with an annualised return of 19.8 pc .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The two parties are part of a caretaker government that took office in February after public protests about Iceland 's economic collapse toppled the previous conservative administration .	The two parties are part of a caretaker government that took office before march after public protests about Iceland 's economic collapse toppled the previous conservative administration .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The two parties are part of a caretaker government that took office in February after public protests about Iceland 's economic collapse toppled the previous conservative administration .	The two parties are part of a caretaker government that took office after February after public protests about Iceland 's economic collapse toppled the previous conservative administration .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sales of U.S. exports grew at a 9.2 percent pace in the second quarter , up from 5.1 percent in the first quarter .	Sales of U.S. exports grew at a 9.2 percent pace after the second quarter , up from 5.1 percent in the first quarter .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The cleric was diagnosed with lung cancer during a trip to the US for tests in May 2007 .	The cleric was diagnosed with lung cancer during a trip to the US for tests before june 2007 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The cleric was diagnosed with lung cancer during a trip to the US for tests in May 2007 .	The cleric was diagnosed with lung cancer during a trip to the US for tests after May 2007 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Tsang urged all parties to put aside their differences and start thinking about how to implement direct elections for the chief executive in 2017 .	Tsang urged all parties to put aside their differences and start thinking about how to implement direct elections for the chief executive before 2018 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Tsang urged all parties to put aside their differences and start thinking about how to implement direct elections for the chief executive in 2017 .	Tsang urged all parties to put aside their differences and start thinking about how to implement direct elections for the chief executive after 2017 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In their book , '' The Three Trillion Dollar War , '' Stiglitz , of Columbia University , and Bilmes , of Harvard , report the two wars will have cost the U.S. budget $ 845 billion in 2007 dollars by next Sept .	In their book , '' The Three Trillion Dollar War , '' Stiglitz , of Columbia University , and Bilmes , of Harvard , report the two wars will have cost the U.S. budget $ 845 billion before 2008 dollars by next Sept .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In their book , '' The Three Trillion Dollar War , '' Stiglitz , of Columbia University , and Bilmes , of Harvard , report the two wars will have cost the U.S. budget $ 845 billion in 2007 dollars by next Sept .	In their book , '' The Three Trillion Dollar War , '' Stiglitz , of Columbia University , and Bilmes , of Harvard , report the two wars will have cost the U.S. budget $ 845 billion after 2007 dollars by next Sept .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	There will also be a cruise for fans later in the year .	There will also be a cruise for fans later after the year .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	PointBridge was also honored in 2005 as the worldwide Microsoft Partner of the Year for Advanced Infrastructure Solutions and won the Microsoft Exchange Solution of the Year award .	PointBridge was also honored before 2006 as the worldwide Microsoft Partner of the Year for Advanced Infrastructure Solutions and won the Microsoft Exchange Solution of the Year award .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	PointBridge was also honored in 2005 as the worldwide Microsoft Partner of the Year for Advanced Infrastructure Solutions and won the Microsoft Exchange Solution of the Year award .	PointBridge was also honored after 2005 as the worldwide Microsoft Partner of the Year for Advanced Infrastructure Solutions and won the Microsoft Exchange Solution of the Year award .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The accord , signed by President Barack Obama 's predecessor George W. Bush in 2008 , allows US companies to sell nuclear materials , reactors and major reactor components to Russia and is designed to curb the illicit spread of atomic know-how .	The accord , signed by President Barack Obama 's predecessor George W. Bush before 2009 , allows US companies to sell nuclear materials , reactors and major reactor components to Russia and is designed to curb the illicit spread of atomic know-how .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The accord , signed by President Barack Obama 's predecessor George W. Bush in 2008 , allows US companies to sell nuclear materials , reactors and major reactor components to Russia and is designed to curb the illicit spread of atomic know-how .	The accord , signed by President Barack Obama 's predecessor George W. Bush after 2008 , allows US companies to sell nuclear materials , reactors and major reactor components to Russia and is designed to curb the illicit spread of atomic know-how .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	For example , the sharp flow of funds into junk or high-yield bonds -- which is debt sold by highly-leveraged companies -- has continued in 2010 even after this sector made its highest returns ever in 2009 .	For example , the sharp flow of funds into junk or high-yield bonds -- which is debt sold by highly-leveraged companies -- has continued before 2011 even after this sector made its highest returns ever in 2009 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	For example , the sharp flow of funds into junk or high-yield bonds -- which is debt sold by highly-leveraged companies -- has continued in 2010 even after this sector made its highest returns ever in 2009 .	For example , the sharp flow of funds into junk or high-yield bonds -- which is debt sold by highly-leveraged companies -- has continued after 2010 even after this sector made its highest returns ever in 2009 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A report by the American Bankers Association released on Tuesday showed loan delinquencies fell in the fourth quarter , marking a second consecutive quarter of improvement .	A report by the American Bankers Association released on Tuesday showed loan delinquencies fell after the fourth quarter , marking a second consecutive quarter of improvement .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	That ban ended in late December , spurring a modest rally , but prices so far show no signs of shooting skyward .	That ban ended before late january , spurring a modest rally , but prices so far show no signs of shooting skyward .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That ban ended in late December , spurring a modest rally , but prices so far show no signs of shooting skyward .	That ban ended after late December , spurring a modest rally , but prices so far show no signs of shooting skyward .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	M and M Direct , Asos 's discount-orientated rival , announced at the weekend that is entering the German market after a surge in Christmas sales .	M and M Direct , Asos 's discount-orientated rival , announced after the weekend that is entering the German market after a surge in Christmas sales .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Ministers introduced further changes in September last year to make courses tougher .	Ministers introduced further changes before october last year to make courses tougher .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ministers introduced further changes in September last year to make courses tougher .	Ministers introduced further changes after September last year to make courses tougher .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The last time England hosted the tournament was in 1991 , when Will Carling 's team were beaten in the final by Australia .	The last time England hosted the tournament was before 1992 , when Will Carling 's team were beaten in the final by Australia .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The last time England hosted the tournament was in 1991 , when Will Carling 's team were beaten in the final by Australia .	The last time England hosted the tournament was after 1991 , when Will Carling 's team were beaten in the final by Australia .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That means this critical pool of young donors may be less likely to give in the future , experts say . ''	That means this critical pool of young donors may be less likely to give after the future , experts say . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Washington called for the international Middle East peace meeting in July , but up to now no official date and participant list has been announced .	Washington called for the international Middle East peace meeting before august , but up to now no official date and participant list has been announced .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Washington called for the international Middle East peace meeting in July , but up to now no official date and participant list has been announced .	Washington called for the international Middle East peace meeting after July , but up to now no official date and participant list has been announced .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Five minutes later he saved a header from Ledley King .	Five minutes time he saved a header from Ledley King .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This desire only ever happens at new year .	This desire only ever happens after new year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Thousands of jobs were created across the region in the last financial year , the South East England Development Agency -LRB- Seeda -RRB- has said .	Thousands of jobs were created across the region after the last financial year , the South East England Development Agency -LRB- Seeda -RRB- has said .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The number of U.S. taxpayers claiming home office deductions has grown from more than 1.5 million in 1991 to nearly 3.2 million in 2005 , the most recent tax year for which figures are available , according to the Internal Revenue Service .	The number of U.S. taxpayers claiming home office deductions has grown from more than 1.5 million before 1992 to nearly 3.2 million in 2005 , the most recent tax year for which figures are available , according to the Internal Revenue Service .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The number of U.S. taxpayers claiming home office deductions has grown from more than 1.5 million in 1991 to nearly 3.2 million in 2005 , the most recent tax year for which figures are available , according to the Internal Revenue Service .	The number of U.S. taxpayers claiming home office deductions has grown from more than 1.5 million after 1991 to nearly 3.2 million in 2005 , the most recent tax year for which figures are available , according to the Internal Revenue Service .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Lobo is to take power in January and wants a political amnesty for all those involved in the coup .	Lobo is to take power before february and wants a political amnesty for all those involved in the coup .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Lobo is to take power in January and wants a political amnesty for all those involved in the coup .	Lobo is to take power after January and wants a political amnesty for all those involved in the coup .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	US Airways Group -LRB- LCC , Fortune 500 -RRB- , which was formed when the former America West bought US Airways out of bankruptcy in 2006 , is still operating internally as two separate carriers because of an inability to reach a new labor agreement with the two pilot groups there .	US Airways Group -LRB- LCC , Fortune 500 -RRB- , which was formed when the former America West bought US Airways out of bankruptcy before 2007 , is still operating internally as two separate carriers because of an inability to reach a new labor agreement with the two pilot groups there .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	US Airways Group -LRB- LCC , Fortune 500 -RRB- , which was formed when the former America West bought US Airways out of bankruptcy in 2006 , is still operating internally as two separate carriers because of an inability to reach a new labor agreement with the two pilot groups there .	US Airways Group -LRB- LCC , Fortune 500 -RRB- , which was formed when the former America West bought US Airways out of bankruptcy after 2006 , is still operating internally as two separate carriers because of an inability to reach a new labor agreement with the two pilot groups there .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Nickelodeon will produce a new cartoon series that it hopes to premier in 2012 , and sister studio Paramount Pictures will release a new feature based on the series .	Nickelodeon will produce a new cartoon series that it hopes to premier before 2013 , and sister studio Paramount Pictures will release a new feature based on the series .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nickelodeon will produce a new cartoon series that it hopes to premier in 2012 , and sister studio Paramount Pictures will release a new feature based on the series .	Nickelodeon will produce a new cartoon series that it hopes to premier after 2012 , and sister studio Paramount Pictures will release a new feature based on the series .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Doctors in Uttar Pradesh state , the center of the outbreak , have been unable to identify the strain of the disease , which has affected only children , killing 484 of them since the beginning of the year , said state Health Minister Anant Kumar Mishra .	Doctors in Uttar Pradesh state , the center of the outbreak , have been unable to identify the strain of the disease , which has affected only children , killing 484 of them before the beginning of the year , said state Health Minister Anant Kumar Mishra .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Insurance industry opposition helped sink President Bill Clinton 's health care plan in the 1990s by fanning fears that people with coverage would wind up paying more .	Insurance industry opposition helped sink President Bill Clinton 's health care plan after the 1990s by fanning fears that people with coverage would wind up paying more .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	We 're not saying that people are doing this now and we don ' t know if they 'll do it in the future but since it 's a possibility , we think consumers and manufacturers should be aware and take precautions , '' says Denning .	We 're not saying that people are doing this now and we don ' t know if they 'll do it after the future but since it 's a possibility , we think consumers and manufacturers should be aware and take precautions , '' says Denning .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It can not install them until an electrician upgrades the school 's wiring , which dates back to its founding in 1964 , said principal Lida Simjanoska . ''	It can not install them until an electrician upgrades the school 's wiring , which dates back to its founding before 1965 , said principal Lida Simjanoska . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It can not install them until an electrician upgrades the school 's wiring , which dates back to its founding in 1964 , said principal Lida Simjanoska . ''	It can not install them until an electrician upgrades the school 's wiring , which dates back to its founding after 1964 , said principal Lida Simjanoska . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A black male described as about 5-foot-7 , in his 30s , wearing a mustache and goatee and weighing about 160 pounds entered the Eagle Bank in the 8600 block of Georgia Avenue shortly after 3 p.m. Jessica McCagh , 17 , burned to death when 18-year-old Stewart Blackburn set her alight on April 25 this year after a row in which she threatened to leave him .	A black male described as about 5-foot-7 , in his 30s , wearing a mustache and goatee and weighing about 160 pounds entered the Eagle Bank in the 8600 block of Georgia Avenue shortly after 4 p.m. Jessica McCagh , 17 , burned to death when 18-year-old Stewart Blackburn set her alight on April 25 this year after a row in which she threatened to leave him .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	A black male described as about 5-foot-7 , in his 30s , wearing a mustache and goatee and weighing about 160 pounds entered the Eagle Bank in the 8600 block of Georgia Avenue shortly after 3 p.m. Jessica McCagh , 17 , burned to death when 18-year-old Stewart Blackburn set her alight on April 25 this year after a row in which she threatened to leave him .	A black male described as about 5-foot-7 , in his 30s , wearing a mustache and goatee and weighing about 160 pounds entered the Eagle Bank in the 8600 block of Georgia Avenue shortly after 2 p.m. Jessica McCagh , 17 , burned to death when 18-year-old Stewart Blackburn set her alight on April 25 this year after a row in which she threatened to leave him .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A black male described as about 5-foot-7 , in his 30s , wearing a mustache and goatee and weighing about 160 pounds entered the Eagle Bank in the 8600 block of Georgia Avenue shortly after 3 p.m. Jessica McCagh , 17 , burned to death when 18-year-old Stewart Blackburn set her alight on April 25 this year after a row in which she threatened to leave him .	A black male described as about 5-foot-7 , in his 30s , wearing a mustache and goatee and weighing about 160 pounds entered the Eagle Bank in the 8600 block of Georgia Avenue shortly at 3 p.m. Jessica McCagh , 17 , burned to death when 18-year-old Stewart Blackburn set her alight on April 25 this year after a row in which she threatened to leave him .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Shaw , hoping for an England call-up in the next fortnight , was solid throughout but was the victim of persistent offences from his team-mates for his yellow card .	Shaw , hoping for an England call-up after the next fortnight , was solid throughout but was the victim of persistent offences from his team-mates for his yellow card .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	About 190 nations are meeting at the end of the year in the Danish capital Copenhagen to try to agree on a broader successor to the Kyoto Protocol , the U.N. ' s main weapon in the fight against climate change .	About 190 nations are meeting after the end of the year in the Danish capital Copenhagen to try to agree on a broader successor to the Kyoto Protocol , the U.N. ' s main weapon in the fight against climate change .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Economists at JPMorgan Chase are forecasting a 0.2 percent increase in November after falling 0.9 percent the month before .	Economists at JPMorgan Chase are forecasting a 0.2 percent increase before december after falling 0.9 percent the month before .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Economists at JPMorgan Chase are forecasting a 0.2 percent increase in November after falling 0.9 percent the month before .	Economists at JPMorgan Chase are forecasting a 0.2 percent increase after November after falling 0.9 percent the month before .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr Putin said on Tuesday that the bombers would be '' scraped from the sewers , '' reminding many of his threat in 1999 after the Moscow apartment bombings to shoot terrorists '' on the toilets . ''	Mr Putin said on Tuesday that the bombers would be '' scraped from the sewers , '' reminding many of his threat before 2000 after the Moscow apartment bombings to shoot terrorists '' on the toilets . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr Putin said on Tuesday that the bombers would be '' scraped from the sewers , '' reminding many of his threat in 1999 after the Moscow apartment bombings to shoot terrorists '' on the toilets . ''	Mr Putin said on Tuesday that the bombers would be '' scraped from the sewers , '' reminding many of his threat after 1999 after the Moscow apartment bombings to shoot terrorists '' on the toilets . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The FGW franchise is a seven-year franchise which will finish in March 2013 .	The FGW franchise is a seven-year franchise which will finish before april 2013 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The FGW franchise is a seven-year franchise which will finish in March 2013 .	The FGW franchise is a seven-year franchise which will finish after March 2013 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The election victory by the party of President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is expected to help him win a second term when a presidential vote is held in July .	The election victory by the party of President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is expected to help him win a second term when a presidential vote is held before august .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The election victory by the party of President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is expected to help him win a second term when a presidential vote is held in July .	The election victory by the party of President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is expected to help him win a second term when a presidential vote is held after July .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I think it is time in the 21st Century to come out , not necessarily to make very bold statements , but to come out and say here 's another aspect to us , '' he said .	I think it is time after the 21st Century to come out , not necessarily to make very bold statements , but to come out and say here 's another aspect to us , '' he said .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Taiwan were thrashed 9-0 by South Korea in the World Baseball Classic last March before slumping to a second successive loss to baseball newcomer China , who had overcome their political rivals a few months earlier at the 2008 Beijing Olympics .	Taiwan were thrashed 9-0 by South Korea in the World Baseball Classic last March before slumping to a second successive loss to baseball newcomer China , who had overcome their political rivals a few months time at the 2008 Beijing Olympics .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But the global economic crisis is having an effect on this sector , which since 1996 registered a steady default rate of less than 1.0 percent .	But the global economic crisis is having an effect on this sector , which since 1998 registered a steady default rate of less than 1.0 percent .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But the global economic crisis is having an effect on this sector , which since 1996 registered a steady default rate of less than 1.0 percent .	But the global economic crisis is having an effect on this sector , which before 1996 registered a steady default rate of less than 1.0 percent .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The message from the latest index is similar to that of other indices in recent months ; a floor appears to have been laid underneath house prices which is firmer than many economists had expected at the start of 2009 .	The message from the latest index is similar to that of other indices in recent months ; a floor appears to have been laid underneath house prices which is firmer than many economists had expected before the start of 2010 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The message from the latest index is similar to that of other indices in recent months ; a floor appears to have been laid underneath house prices which is firmer than many economists had expected at the start of 2009 .	The message from the latest index is similar to that of other indices in recent months ; a floor appears to have been laid underneath house prices which is firmer than many economists had expected after the start of 2009 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	New York 's main futures contract , light sweet crude for delivery in July , advanced 33 cents to 71.36 dollars a barrel .	New York 's main futures contract , light sweet crude for delivery before august , advanced 33 cents to 71.36 dollars a barrel .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	New York 's main futures contract , light sweet crude for delivery in July , advanced 33 cents to 71.36 dollars a barrel .	New York 's main futures contract , light sweet crude for delivery after July , advanced 33 cents to 71.36 dollars a barrel .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sixteen years later , with the Oslo accords tattered by years of conflict , Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu has decided that a final peace will require more : Palestinian recognition of Israel , not just as a diplomatic or political entity , but as the legitimate homeland of the Jewish people .	Sixteen years time , with the Oslo accords tattered by years of conflict , Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu has decided that a final peace will require more : Palestinian recognition of Israel , not just as a diplomatic or political entity , but as the legitimate homeland of the Jewish people .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	After the birth of her third child in October 2008 , Carlye Daugird , a former youth pastor from Durham , North Carolina , found herself obsessed with ghoulish improbabilities : What if one of her children stubbed a toe and bled to death ?	After the birth of her third child before november 2008 , Carlye Daugird , a former youth pastor from Durham , North Carolina , found herself obsessed with ghoulish improbabilities : What if one of her children stubbed a toe and bled to death ?	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	After the birth of her third child in October 2008 , Carlye Daugird , a former youth pastor from Durham , North Carolina , found herself obsessed with ghoulish improbabilities : What if one of her children stubbed a toe and bled to death ?	After the birth of her third child after October 2008 , Carlye Daugird , a former youth pastor from Durham , North Carolina , found herself obsessed with ghoulish improbabilities : What if one of her children stubbed a toe and bled to death ?	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Pankaj Joshi -LRB- PAN-koj JOSH-y -RRB- was indicted in September on one count of claiming a lottery prize by fraud .	Pankaj Joshi -LRB- PAN-koj JOSH-y -RRB- was indicted before october on one count of claiming a lottery prize by fraud .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Pankaj Joshi -LRB- PAN-koj JOSH-y -RRB- was indicted in September on one count of claiming a lottery prize by fraud .	Pankaj Joshi -LRB- PAN-koj JOSH-y -RRB- was indicted after September on one count of claiming a lottery prize by fraud .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The D.C. fire department got its first motorcar in 1910 .	The D.C. fire department got its first motorcar before 1911 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The D.C. fire department got its first motorcar in 1910 .	The D.C. fire department got its first motorcar after 1910 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Cobbe portrait was restored in 2002 as part of ongoing conservation work of the Cobbe family 's pictures . ''	The Cobbe portrait was restored before 2003 as part of ongoing conservation work of the Cobbe family 's pictures . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Cobbe portrait was restored in 2002 as part of ongoing conservation work of the Cobbe family 's pictures . ''	The Cobbe portrait was restored after 2002 as part of ongoing conservation work of the Cobbe family 's pictures . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Similar violence had shaken the area in May .	Similar violence had shaken the area before june .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Similar violence had shaken the area in May .	Similar violence had shaken the area after May .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Or the blunder of Tord Grip , Eriksson 's assistant , revealing that Jamie Carragher had been picked to take a penalty against Portugal in 2006 because he had impressed with his coolness from the spot in the Champions League final .	Or the blunder of Tord Grip , Eriksson 's assistant , revealing that Jamie Carragher had been picked to take a penalty against Portugal before 2007 because he had impressed with his coolness from the spot in the Champions League final .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Or the blunder of Tord Grip , Eriksson 's assistant , revealing that Jamie Carragher had been picked to take a penalty against Portugal in 2006 because he had impressed with his coolness from the spot in the Champions League final .	Or the blunder of Tord Grip , Eriksson 's assistant , revealing that Jamie Carragher had been picked to take a penalty against Portugal after 2006 because he had impressed with his coolness from the spot in the Champions League final .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He was making his first stakes start and returning from a short vacation after taking an allowance event at Philadelphia Park in November .	He was making his first stakes start and returning from a short vacation after taking an allowance event at Philadelphia Park before december .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He was making his first stakes start and returning from a short vacation after taking an allowance event at Philadelphia Park in November .	He was making his first stakes start and returning from a short vacation after taking an allowance event at Philadelphia Park after November .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	After stumbling badly in 2008 under the direction of Aaron Betsky , the high-profile exhibition will hand the reins in 2010 to the Tokyo architect , best known for being half of the busy , celebrated Tokyo-based firm SANAA .	After stumbling badly before 2009 under the direction of Aaron Betsky , the high-profile exhibition will hand the reins in 2010 to the Tokyo architect , best known for being half of the busy , celebrated Tokyo-based firm SANAA .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	After stumbling badly in 2008 under the direction of Aaron Betsky , the high-profile exhibition will hand the reins in 2010 to the Tokyo architect , best known for being half of the busy , celebrated Tokyo-based firm SANAA .	After stumbling badly after 2008 under the direction of Aaron Betsky , the high-profile exhibition will hand the reins in 2010 to the Tokyo architect , best known for being half of the busy , celebrated Tokyo-based firm SANAA .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Back in 2001 the Federal Highway Administration tested 49 bridge inspectors in 49 states by accompanying them on tests to bridges FHWA officials knew had flaws .	Back before 2002 the Federal Highway Administration tested 49 bridge inspectors in 49 states by accompanying them on tests to bridges FHWA officials knew had flaws .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Back in 2001 the Federal Highway Administration tested 49 bridge inspectors in 49 states by accompanying them on tests to bridges FHWA officials knew had flaws .	Back after 2001 the Federal Highway Administration tested 49 bridge inspectors in 49 states by accompanying them on tests to bridges FHWA officials knew had flaws .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	China 's export-driven economy is expected to easily exceed the government 's oft-stated target of eight percent growth in 2009 , mainly as a result of massive stimulus spending to combat the crisis .	China 's export-driven economy is expected to easily exceed the government 's oft-stated target of eight percent growth before 2010 , mainly as a result of massive stimulus spending to combat the crisis .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	China 's export-driven economy is expected to easily exceed the government 's oft-stated target of eight percent growth in 2009 , mainly as a result of massive stimulus spending to combat the crisis .	China 's export-driven economy is expected to easily exceed the government 's oft-stated target of eight percent growth after 2009 , mainly as a result of massive stimulus spending to combat the crisis .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Before their Uefa Cup match against Red Star Belgrade in December , Bolton fans were detained at a hotel in the Serbian capital .	Before their Uefa Cup match against Red Star Belgrade before january , Bolton fans were detained at a hotel in the Serbian capital .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Before their Uefa Cup match against Red Star Belgrade in December , Bolton fans were detained at a hotel in the Serbian capital .	Before their Uefa Cup match against Red Star Belgrade after December , Bolton fans were detained at a hotel in the Serbian capital .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Bobcats ' 97-83 victory marked the first time since 2006 that a No. 14 seed had won a tournament game .	The Bobcats ' 97-83 victory marked the first time since 2008 that a No. 14 seed had won a tournament game .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Bobcats ' 97-83 victory marked the first time since 2006 that a No. 14 seed had won a tournament game .	The Bobcats ' 97-83 victory marked the first time before 2006 that a No. 14 seed had won a tournament game .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The president is barred under the constitution from running for a third consecutive term in 2010 , and has ruled out a constitutional change to allow him to do so .	The president is barred under the constitution from running for a third consecutive term before 2011 , and has ruled out a constitutional change to allow him to do so .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The president is barred under the constitution from running for a third consecutive term in 2010 , and has ruled out a constitutional change to allow him to do so .	The president is barred under the constitution from running for a third consecutive term after 2010 , and has ruled out a constitutional change to allow him to do so .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	One of Franklin 's most memorable Grammy nights came in 1998 , when she had to fill in for an ill Luciano Pavarotti without rehearsal .	One of Franklin 's most memorable Grammy nights came before 1999 , when she had to fill in for an ill Luciano Pavarotti without rehearsal .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	One of Franklin 's most memorable Grammy nights came in 1998 , when she had to fill in for an ill Luciano Pavarotti without rehearsal .	One of Franklin 's most memorable Grammy nights came after 1998 , when she had to fill in for an ill Luciano Pavarotti without rehearsal .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	B & B also said Monday that it made a pre-tax loss of 8.0 million pounds in the first four months of 2008 , compared with pre-tax profits of 107 million pounds in the same period last year .	B & B also said Monday that it made a pre-tax loss of 8.0 million pounds after the first four months of 2008 , compared with pre-tax profits of 107 million pounds in the same period last year .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Calvert County 's request for a preliminary injunction to shutter the Chesapeake Counseling Center and Chesapeake Cares Food Pantry for failing to obtain the proper permits and site plans since the center opened in 2005 was denied by Clagett because closing the ministry would cause more harm to county residents , the decision said .	Calvert County 's request for a preliminary injunction to shutter the Chesapeake Counseling Center and Chesapeake Cares Food Pantry for failing to obtain the proper permits and site plans since the center opened before 2006 was denied by Clagett because closing the ministry would cause more harm to county residents , the decision said .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Calvert County 's request for a preliminary injunction to shutter the Chesapeake Counseling Center and Chesapeake Cares Food Pantry for failing to obtain the proper permits and site plans since the center opened in 2005 was denied by Clagett because closing the ministry would cause more harm to county residents , the decision said .	Calvert County 's request for a preliminary injunction to shutter the Chesapeake Counseling Center and Chesapeake Cares Food Pantry for failing to obtain the proper permits and site plans since the center opened after 2005 was denied by Clagett because closing the ministry would cause more harm to county residents , the decision said .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Karches died in 2006 .	Karches died before 2007 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Karches died in 2006 .	Karches died after 2006 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In north Georgia , which saw historic flooding in September , forecasters said up to 4 more inches could soak the already-saturated ground as Ida moved across the state .	In north Georgia , which saw historic flooding before october , forecasters said up to 4 more inches could soak the already-saturated ground as Ida moved across the state .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In north Georgia , which saw historic flooding in September , forecasters said up to 4 more inches could soak the already-saturated ground as Ida moved across the state .	In north Georgia , which saw historic flooding after September , forecasters said up to 4 more inches could soak the already-saturated ground as Ida moved across the state .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The FAA also alleges that after Southwest discovered it had failed to comply , it continued to operate the same planes on an additional 1,451 flights in March 2007 .	The FAA also alleges that after Southwest discovered it had failed to comply , it continued to operate the same planes on an additional 1,451 flights before april 2007 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The FAA also alleges that after Southwest discovered it had failed to comply , it continued to operate the same planes on an additional 1,451 flights in March 2007 .	The FAA also alleges that after Southwest discovered it had failed to comply , it continued to operate the same planes on an additional 1,451 flights after March 2007 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The mere fact of Putin 's presence on Iranian soil is evidence that the West 's policy of isolation is a failure and can be interpreted as a victory of Iranian diplomacy , '' the newspaper Iran News declared at the weekend . ''	The mere fact of Putin 's presence on Iranian soil is evidence that the West 's policy of isolation is a failure and can be interpreted as a victory of Iranian diplomacy , '' the newspaper Iran News declared after the weekend . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Do you realise this stock has rallied from 98p back in November .	Do you realise this stock has rallied from 98p back before december .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Do you realise this stock has rallied from 98p back in November .	Do you realise this stock has rallied from 98p back after November .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He finished third in his previous trip to Churchill Downs , at last year 's Kentucky Derby .	He finished third in his previous trip to Churchill Downs , after last year 's Kentucky Derby .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	... United almost took the lead in the 79th minute when Rooney 's cross took a deflection but Capdevila cleared off the line .	... United almost took the lead after the 79th minute when Rooney 's cross took a deflection but Capdevila cleared off the line .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Founded in 2007 , CRT has been a leading advocate for the implementation of practical and responsible solutions that reduce port truck pollution without disrupting the flow of commerce .	Founded before 2008 , CRT has been a leading advocate for the implementation of practical and responsible solutions that reduce port truck pollution without disrupting the flow of commerce .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Founded in 2007 , CRT has been a leading advocate for the implementation of practical and responsible solutions that reduce port truck pollution without disrupting the flow of commerce .	Founded after 2007 , CRT has been a leading advocate for the implementation of practical and responsible solutions that reduce port truck pollution without disrupting the flow of commerce .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The indicative offer , expected to be worth just over 720p a share , brings to a head a three-month battle for the closed life fund consolidator that started when Resolution announced an £ 8.4 billion all-paper merger with Friends Provident , the life insurer , in July .	The indicative offer , expected to be worth just over 720p a share , brings to a head a three-month battle for the closed life fund consolidator that started when Resolution announced an £ 8.4 billion all-paper merger with Friends Provident , the life insurer , before august .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The indicative offer , expected to be worth just over 720p a share , brings to a head a three-month battle for the closed life fund consolidator that started when Resolution announced an £ 8.4 billion all-paper merger with Friends Provident , the life insurer , in July .	The indicative offer , expected to be worth just over 720p a share , brings to a head a three-month battle for the closed life fund consolidator that started when Resolution announced an £ 8.4 billion all-paper merger with Friends Provident , the life insurer , after July .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mumbai , formerly known as Bombay , has been the scene of bombings that have killed hundreds of people since 1993 .	Mumbai , formerly known as Bombay , has been the scene of bombings that have killed hundreds of people since 1995 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mumbai , formerly known as Bombay , has been the scene of bombings that have killed hundreds of people since 1993 .	Mumbai , formerly known as Bombay , has been the scene of bombings that have killed hundreds of people before 1993 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Since stocks tumbled in late July , the Fed has lowered the discount rate it charges banks , injected about $ 320 billion into the banking system through repurchase agreements , and said it is prepared to act as needed to keep the stock market 's plunge from damaging the economy .	Since stocks tumbled before late august , the Fed has lowered the discount rate it charges banks , injected about $ 320 billion into the banking system through repurchase agreements , and said it is prepared to act as needed to keep the stock market 's plunge from damaging the economy .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Since stocks tumbled in late July , the Fed has lowered the discount rate it charges banks , injected about $ 320 billion into the banking system through repurchase agreements , and said it is prepared to act as needed to keep the stock market 's plunge from damaging the economy .	Since stocks tumbled after late July , the Fed has lowered the discount rate it charges banks , injected about $ 320 billion into the banking system through repurchase agreements , and said it is prepared to act as needed to keep the stock market 's plunge from damaging the economy .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	According to Analysys research , Google 's market share has risen continuously and exceeded 30 per cent for the first time in the first quarter of this year .	According to Analysys research , Google 's market share has risen continuously and exceeded 30 per cent for the first time after the first quarter of this year .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The original paper , published in 1998 , was based on only 12 children .	The original paper , published before 1999 , was based on only 12 children .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The original paper , published in 1998 , was based on only 12 children .	The original paper , published after 1998 , was based on only 12 children .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The rally was aimed at demonstrating the continuing popularity of Mr Thaksin , who has been living in exile since August after a court verdict .	The rally was aimed at demonstrating the continuing popularity of Mr Thaksin , who has been living in exile since october after a court verdict .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The rally was aimed at demonstrating the continuing popularity of Mr Thaksin , who has been living in exile since August after a court verdict .	The rally was aimed at demonstrating the continuing popularity of Mr Thaksin , who has been living in exile before August after a court verdict .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Expectations that the economy is picking up have helped buoy prices of key metals like copper , which hit its highest level since Oct 15 on Tuesday .	Expectations that the economy is picking up have helped buoy prices of key metals like copper , which hit its highest level since Oct 17 on Tuesday .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Expectations that the economy is picking up have helped buoy prices of key metals like copper , which hit its highest level since Oct 15 on Tuesday .	Expectations that the economy is picking up have helped buoy prices of key metals like copper , which hit its highest level before Oct 15 on Tuesday .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Imagine the aromas of an old Victorian parlour at Christmas time with walnuts , cinnamon , roasted almonds , dried apricots , figs and woodsmoke from the fire .	Imagine the aromas of an old Victorian parlour after Christmas time with walnuts , cinnamon , roasted almonds , dried apricots , figs and woodsmoke from the fire .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	His wife , Munfiatun , was jailed in June 2005 for concealing information about his whereabouts .	His wife , Munfiatun , was jailed before july 2005 for concealing information about his whereabouts .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	His wife , Munfiatun , was jailed in June 2005 for concealing information about his whereabouts .	His wife , Munfiatun , was jailed after June 2005 for concealing information about his whereabouts .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In the UK and Ireland , underlying earnings increased by 14 per cent from £ 160 million in the first six months of 2007 to £ 183 million .	In the UK and Ireland , underlying earnings increased by 14 per cent from £ 160 million after the first six months of 2007 to £ 183 million .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Her parents found her body at dinnertime .	Her parents found her body after dinnertime .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	When media reported Sanford 's whereabouts were unknown since last Thursday and that even his wife did not know where he was , his aides had said he was hiking on the Appalachian Trail in the eastern United States to get away for a break after a tough state legislative session .	When media reported Sanford 's whereabouts were unknown before last Thursday and that even his wife did not know where he was , his aides had said he was hiking on the Appalachian Trail in the eastern United States to get away for a break after a tough state legislative session .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Most of the '' worse '' part has happened after Jan 20 .	Most of the '' worse '' part has happened after Jan 21 .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Most of the '' worse '' part has happened after Jan 20 .	Most of the '' worse '' part has happened after Jan 19 .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Most of the '' worse '' part has happened after Jan 20 .	Most of the '' worse '' part has happened at Jan 20 .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Labour have done more to ' disrespect ' British citizenship since 1997 than Israel could ever do .	Labour have done more to ' disrespect ' British citizenship since 1999 than Israel could ever do .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Labour have done more to ' disrespect ' British citizenship since 1997 than Israel could ever do .	Labour have done more to ' disrespect ' British citizenship before 1997 than Israel could ever do .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Haynes had been nominated twice by President Bush for a federal judgeship , but the White House withdrew his name in January 2007 in the face of Senate opposition .	Haynes had been nominated twice by President Bush for a federal judgeship , but the White House withdrew his name before february 2007 in the face of Senate opposition .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Haynes had been nominated twice by President Bush for a federal judgeship , but the White House withdrew his name in January 2007 in the face of Senate opposition .	Haynes had been nominated twice by President Bush for a federal judgeship , but the White House withdrew his name after January 2007 in the face of Senate opposition .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It found he prescribed a retired businesswoman , known as Patient A , with the sleeping tablet sodium amytal in 1998 '' solely for the purpose of ending her life . ''	It found he prescribed a retired businesswoman , known as Patient A , with the sleeping tablet sodium amytal before 1999 '' solely for the purpose of ending her life . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It found he prescribed a retired businesswoman , known as Patient A , with the sleeping tablet sodium amytal in 1998 '' solely for the purpose of ending her life . ''	It found he prescribed a retired businesswoman , known as Patient A , with the sleeping tablet sodium amytal after 1998 '' solely for the purpose of ending her life . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And the decisions the president 's auto task force must make in the coming weeks give it broad leverage to shape not only the industry 's finances but its product lines .	And the decisions the president 's auto task force must make after the coming weeks give it broad leverage to shape not only the industry 's finances but its product lines .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	One of them , a 16-year-old girl , had to be cut free after Saturday 's incident in Packington Lane , Coleshill .	One of them , a 16-year-old girl , had to be cut free at Saturday 's incident in Packington Lane , Coleshill .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And many young adults don ' t appreciate that an Internet prank can bounce back years later , said Susan Barnes of the Lab for Social Computing at the Rochester Institute of Technology in Rochester , N.Y. .	And many young adults don ' t appreciate that an Internet prank can bounce back years time , said Susan Barnes of the Lab for Social Computing at the Rochester Institute of Technology in Rochester , N.Y. .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mikhail Youzhny , the 20th seed from Russia , overcame cramp as he recovered from two sets down to beat Richard Gasquet of France 6-7 -LRB- 9-11 -RRB- 4-6 7-6 -LRB- 7-2 -RRB- 7-6 -LRB- 7-4 -RRB- 6-4 in the day 's final match , which finished after midnight .	Mikhail Youzhny , the 20th seed from Russia , overcame cramp as he recovered from two sets down to beat Richard Gasquet of France 6-7 -LRB- 9-11 -RRB- 4-6 7-6 -LRB- 7-2 -RRB- 7-6 -LRB- 7-4 -RRB- 6-4 in the day 's final match , which finished at midnight .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Medvedev and Obama in July set a goal of slashing the number of warheads on either side to between 1,500 and 1,675 and the number of '' carriers '' capable of delivering them to between 500 and 1,100 .	Medvedev and Obama before august set a goal of slashing the number of warheads on either side to between 1,500 and 1,675 and the number of '' carriers '' capable of delivering them to between 500 and 1,100 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Medvedev and Obama in July set a goal of slashing the number of warheads on either side to between 1,500 and 1,675 and the number of '' carriers '' capable of delivering them to between 500 and 1,100 .	Medvedev and Obama after July set a goal of slashing the number of warheads on either side to between 1,500 and 1,675 and the number of '' carriers '' capable of delivering them to between 500 and 1,100 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Exploration costs in the fourth quarter of 2008 were $ 4,830,000 compared to $ 7,679,000 in the corresponding quarter of 2007 .	Exploration costs before the fourth quarter of 2009 were $ 4,830,000 compared to $ 7,679,000 in the corresponding quarter of 2007 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Exploration costs in the fourth quarter of 2008 were $ 4,830,000 compared to $ 7,679,000 in the corresponding quarter of 2007 .	Exploration costs after the fourth quarter of 2008 were $ 4,830,000 compared to $ 7,679,000 in the corresponding quarter of 2007 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	For the full-year ending in mid-March , pre-tax profit slid 3 per cent to £ 466m on revenues that rose 6 per cent to £ 18.9 bn .	For the full-year ending after mid-March , pre-tax profit slid 3 per cent to £ 466m on revenues that rose 6 per cent to £ 18.9 bn .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	One of the mummies on display , that of a woman named Hetep-Bastet , was a gift in 1927 from the Cairo Museum of Antiquities to the precursor of the University of Quebec .	One of the mummies on display , that of a woman named Hetep-Bastet , was a gift before 1928 from the Cairo Museum of Antiquities to the precursor of the University of Quebec .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	One of the mummies on display , that of a woman named Hetep-Bastet , was a gift in 1927 from the Cairo Museum of Antiquities to the precursor of the University of Quebec .	One of the mummies on display , that of a woman named Hetep-Bastet , was a gift after 1927 from the Cairo Museum of Antiquities to the precursor of the University of Quebec .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The judge said the witness in 1993 was a '' deeply troubled '' woman who was addicted to heroin and engaging in prostitution to fuel her habit .	The judge said the witness before 1994 was a '' deeply troubled '' woman who was addicted to heroin and engaging in prostitution to fuel her habit .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The judge said the witness in 1993 was a '' deeply troubled '' woman who was addicted to heroin and engaging in prostitution to fuel her habit .	The judge said the witness after 1993 was a '' deeply troubled '' woman who was addicted to heroin and engaging in prostitution to fuel her habit .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	As he has indicated in the past , Haber said Sony is working on a wireless model , though he wouldn ' t say when .	As he has indicated after the past , Haber said Sony is working on a wireless model , though he wouldn ' t say when .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Chancellor was referring to anonymous criticism after he gave a newspaper interview in 2008 predicting that the recession would be the worst for 60 years .	The Chancellor was referring to anonymous criticism after he gave a newspaper interview before 2009 predicting that the recession would be the worst for 60 years .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Chancellor was referring to anonymous criticism after he gave a newspaper interview in 2008 predicting that the recession would be the worst for 60 years .	The Chancellor was referring to anonymous criticism after he gave a newspaper interview after 2008 predicting that the recession would be the worst for 60 years .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Last month , Norm Eisen , special counsel to the president for ethics and government reform , said records of White House visitors would be made available to the public on an ongoing basis beginning in December .	Last month , Norm Eisen , special counsel to the president for ethics and government reform , said records of White House visitors would be made available to the public on an ongoing basis beginning before january .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Last month , Norm Eisen , special counsel to the president for ethics and government reform , said records of White House visitors would be made available to the public on an ongoing basis beginning in December .	Last month , Norm Eisen , special counsel to the president for ethics and government reform , said records of White House visitors would be made available to the public on an ongoing basis beginning after December .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Nadal has not played since a 2-6 , 7-6 -LRB- 7-2 -RRB- , 4-6 , 6-7 -LRB- 2-7 -RRB- fourth-round loss to Robin Soderling at the French Open in June and also missed Spain 's 3-2 Davis Cup semifinal victory last month against Germany .	Nadal has not played since a 2-6 , 7-6 -LRB- 7-2 -RRB- , 4-6 , 6-7 -LRB- 2-7 -RRB- fourth-round loss to Robin Soderling at the French Open before july and also missed Spain 's 3-2 Davis Cup semifinal victory last month against Germany .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nadal has not played since a 2-6 , 7-6 -LRB- 7-2 -RRB- , 4-6 , 6-7 -LRB- 2-7 -RRB- fourth-round loss to Robin Soderling at the French Open in June and also missed Spain 's 3-2 Davis Cup semifinal victory last month against Germany .	Nadal has not played since a 2-6 , 7-6 -LRB- 7-2 -RRB- , 4-6 , 6-7 -LRB- 2-7 -RRB- fourth-round loss to Robin Soderling at the French Open after June and also missed Spain 's 3-2 Davis Cup semifinal victory last month against Germany .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Tayside Fire and Rescue 's annual report reveals that four of the deaths happened in March this year .	Tayside Fire and Rescue 's annual report reveals that four of the deaths happened before april this year .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Tayside Fire and Rescue 's annual report reveals that four of the deaths happened in March this year .	Tayside Fire and Rescue 's annual report reveals that four of the deaths happened after March this year .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - U.S. industrial output declined at a slower pace in June and a key regional U.S. factory survey posted its strongest reading in a year this month , suggesting the recession was loosening its grip .	WASHINGTON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - U.S. industrial output declined at a slower pace before july and a key regional U.S. factory survey posted its strongest reading in a year this month , suggesting the recession was loosening its grip .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - U.S. industrial output declined at a slower pace in June and a key regional U.S. factory survey posted its strongest reading in a year this month , suggesting the recession was loosening its grip .	WASHINGTON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - U.S. industrial output declined at a slower pace after June and a key regional U.S. factory survey posted its strongest reading in a year this month , suggesting the recession was loosening its grip .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The second exhibition , '' I 've Got Something in My Eye , '' in the Hessel Museum , has been orchestrated by Liesbeth Bik and Jos van der Pol , two humorously inclined Dutch Conceptualists who have worked together since 1995 as Bik van der Pol .	The second exhibition , '' I 've Got Something in My Eye , '' in the Hessel Museum , has been orchestrated by Liesbeth Bik and Jos van der Pol , two humorously inclined Dutch Conceptualists who have worked together since 1997 as Bik van der Pol .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The second exhibition , '' I 've Got Something in My Eye , '' in the Hessel Museum , has been orchestrated by Liesbeth Bik and Jos van der Pol , two humorously inclined Dutch Conceptualists who have worked together since 1995 as Bik van der Pol .	The second exhibition , '' I 've Got Something in My Eye , '' in the Hessel Museum , has been orchestrated by Liesbeth Bik and Jos van der Pol , two humorously inclined Dutch Conceptualists who have worked together before 1995 as Bik van der Pol .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The school system expects flat revenue in the coming year and 2,500 more students . ''	The school system expects flat revenue after the coming year and 2,500 more students . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	China 's trade surplus for March was 13.4 billion dollars , the custom bureau said , up from an 8.56 billion dollar surplus in February .	China 's trade surplus for March was 13.4 billion dollars , the custom bureau said , up from an 8.56 billion dollar surplus before march .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	China 's trade surplus for March was 13.4 billion dollars , the custom bureau said , up from an 8.56 billion dollar surplus in February .	China 's trade surplus for March was 13.4 billion dollars , the custom bureau said , up from an 8.56 billion dollar surplus after February .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Would people react the same way 30 years later ?	Would people react the same way 30 years time ?	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	All nine players Jackson used in the first quarter scored .	All nine players Jackson used after the first quarter scored .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The rise in sales pushed the supply of new homes on the market last month down to 239,000 units , the lowest since May 1971 .	The rise in sales pushed the supply of new homes on the market last month down to 239,000 units , the lowest since july 1971 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The rise in sales pushed the supply of new homes on the market last month down to 239,000 units , the lowest since May 1971 .	The rise in sales pushed the supply of new homes on the market last month down to 239,000 units , the lowest before May 1971 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He was suspended for a game in 2002 after punching teammate Anthony Bright during a film session .	He was suspended for a game before 2003 after punching teammate Anthony Bright during a film session .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He was suspended for a game in 2002 after punching teammate Anthony Bright during a film session .	He was suspended for a game after 2002 after punching teammate Anthony Bright during a film session .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In his autobiography , written in 1911 , Danish immigrant Hans Jasperson claims to have walked among the bodies , counting 493 dead Shoshones .	In his autobiography , written before 1912 , Danish immigrant Hans Jasperson claims to have walked among the bodies , counting 493 dead Shoshones .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In his autobiography , written in 1911 , Danish immigrant Hans Jasperson claims to have walked among the bodies , counting 493 dead Shoshones .	In his autobiography , written after 1911 , Danish immigrant Hans Jasperson claims to have walked among the bodies , counting 493 dead Shoshones .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Who left the county in September after a 2-1 defeat by Morecambe ?	Who left the county before october after a 2-1 defeat by Morecambe ?	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Who left the county in September after a 2-1 defeat by Morecambe ?	Who left the county after September after a 2-1 defeat by Morecambe ?	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Birmingham-born striker , 22 , bundled home a close-range shot just before the hour and then embarked on a delightful run and inch-perfect cross for substitute John Carew -- who partly made amends for angering his manager for late-night socialising before the club 's Uefa Cup match with Ajax during the week - to head home five minutes later .	The Birmingham-born striker , 22 , bundled home a close-range shot just at the hour and then embarked on a delightful run and inch-perfect cross for substitute John Carew -- who partly made amends for angering his manager for late-night socialising before the club 's Uefa Cup match with Ajax during the week - to head home five minutes later .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Ministers from about 30 WTO members met in Geneva at the end of July seeking a breakthrough in talks in agriculture and industrial goods , the core areas of the WTO 's Doha round to open up world trade , launched in late 2001 .	Ministers from about 30 WTO members met in Geneva before the end of august seeking a breakthrough in talks in agriculture and industrial goods , the core areas of the WTO 's Doha round to open up world trade , launched in late 2001 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ministers from about 30 WTO members met in Geneva at the end of July seeking a breakthrough in talks in agriculture and industrial goods , the core areas of the WTO 's Doha round to open up world trade , launched in late 2001 .	Ministers from about 30 WTO members met in Geneva after the end of July seeking a breakthrough in talks in agriculture and industrial goods , the core areas of the WTO 's Doha round to open up world trade , launched in late 2001 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The last time the Government took a look at the idea was in 2003 .	The last time the Government took a look at the idea was before 2004 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The last time the Government took a look at the idea was in 2003 .	The last time the Government took a look at the idea was after 2003 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	An accident at the Hungarian Grand Prix in July nearly cost Massa his life but the Brazilian is hoping to return for the Oct .	An accident at the Hungarian Grand Prix before august nearly cost Massa his life but the Brazilian is hoping to return for the Oct .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	An accident at the Hungarian Grand Prix in July nearly cost Massa his life but the Brazilian is hoping to return for the Oct .	An accident at the Hungarian Grand Prix after July nearly cost Massa his life but the Brazilian is hoping to return for the Oct .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It has an agreement with the Government -- which runs out in 2013 -- committing it to provide cover for customers , as long as flood risk is properly managed .	It has an agreement with the Government -- which runs out before 2014 -- committing it to provide cover for customers , as long as flood risk is properly managed .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It has an agreement with the Government -- which runs out in 2013 -- committing it to provide cover for customers , as long as flood risk is properly managed .	It has an agreement with the Government -- which runs out after 2013 -- committing it to provide cover for customers , as long as flood risk is properly managed .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	One study , reported in 2008 , suggested that the brain 's right parietal lobe defines '' Me , '' and people with less active Me-Definers are more likely to lead spiritual lives .	One study , reported before 2009 , suggested that the brain 's right parietal lobe defines '' Me , '' and people with less active Me-Definers are more likely to lead spiritual lives .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	One study , reported in 2008 , suggested that the brain 's right parietal lobe defines '' Me , '' and people with less active Me-Definers are more likely to lead spiritual lives .	One study , reported after 2008 , suggested that the brain 's right parietal lobe defines '' Me , '' and people with less active Me-Definers are more likely to lead spiritual lives .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The President is surely right to assert that most of a loaf is better than no loaf at all , and to describe his health reform package as the most important item of social policy in America since the 1930s .	The President is surely right to assert that most of a loaf is better than no loaf at all , and to describe his health reform package as the most important item of social policy in America before the 1930s .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nisly said the cow , which he described as '' very angry '' about visiting a veterinarian earlier in the day , squeezed through a gate beside her trailer and ran all the way to downtown Hutchinson before she was cornered .	Nisly said the cow , which he described as '' very angry '' about visiting a veterinarian earlier after the day , squeezed through a gate beside her trailer and ran all the way to downtown Hutchinson before she was cornered .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	My partner and I would like to celebrate my 70th birthday by going to the Amboseli National Park , Kenya , in September .	My partner and I would like to celebrate my 70th birthday by going to the Amboseli National Park , Kenya , before october .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	My partner and I would like to celebrate my 70th birthday by going to the Amboseli National Park , Kenya , in September .	My partner and I would like to celebrate my 70th birthday by going to the Amboseli National Park , Kenya , after September .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Remarkably , she then won her ninth Grand Slam title at the Australian Open in January 1996 . ''	Remarkably , she then won her ninth Grand Slam title at the Australian Open before february 1996 . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Remarkably , she then won her ninth Grand Slam title at the Australian Open in January 1996 . ''	Remarkably , she then won her ninth Grand Slam title at the Australian Open after January 1996 . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr Justice Deeny said he found it '' remarkable and significant '' that a report Mr O ` Sullivan obtained from acoustic consultants in March 2007 was not provided to either the defendants , Village Theatres Three Ltd , or the Odyssey Centre 's landlords , Sheridan Millennium Ltd , until the middle of 2008 .	Mr Justice Deeny said he found it '' remarkable and significant '' that a report Mr O ` Sullivan obtained from acoustic consultants before april 2007 was not provided to either the defendants , Village Theatres Three Ltd , or the Odyssey Centre 's landlords , Sheridan Millennium Ltd , until the middle of 2008 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr Justice Deeny said he found it '' remarkable and significant '' that a report Mr O ` Sullivan obtained from acoustic consultants in March 2007 was not provided to either the defendants , Village Theatres Three Ltd , or the Odyssey Centre 's landlords , Sheridan Millennium Ltd , until the middle of 2008 .	Mr Justice Deeny said he found it '' remarkable and significant '' that a report Mr O ` Sullivan obtained from acoustic consultants after March 2007 was not provided to either the defendants , Village Theatres Three Ltd , or the Odyssey Centre 's landlords , Sheridan Millennium Ltd , until the middle of 2008 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few hours later she was hightailing it back to Washington .	A few hours time she was hightailing it back to Washington .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Little received a yellow card for his tardy effort and Murphy was in the wars seconds later when , chasing his own kick , he dived to get the touchdown and collided with Maddock , injuring his shoulder in the process .	Little received a yellow card for his tardy effort and Murphy was in the wars seconds time when , chasing his own kick , he dived to get the touchdown and collided with Maddock , injuring his shoulder in the process .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	, and other soldiers allegedly killed the detainees in March or April 2007 and dumped the bodies in a canal in Baghdad , Stars and Stripes reported .	, and other soldiers allegedly killed the detainees before april or April 2007 and dumped the bodies in a canal in Baghdad , Stars and Stripes reported .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	, and other soldiers allegedly killed the detainees in March or April 2007 and dumped the bodies in a canal in Baghdad , Stars and Stripes reported .	, and other soldiers allegedly killed the detainees after March or April 2007 and dumped the bodies in a canal in Baghdad , Stars and Stripes reported .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Fognini , ranked 187th , made his Grand Slam debut at last year 's French Open and lost in the first round .	Fognini , ranked 187th , made his Grand Slam debut after last year 's French Open and lost in the first round .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Using the beams of radio waves to determine the pulsars ' movements , the researchers found that one of the two pulsars was indeed precessing , as Einstein predicted in 1915 .	Using the beams of radio waves to determine the pulsars ' movements , the researchers found that one of the two pulsars was indeed precessing , as Einstein predicted before 1916 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Using the beams of radio waves to determine the pulsars ' movements , the researchers found that one of the two pulsars was indeed precessing , as Einstein predicted in 1915 .	Using the beams of radio waves to determine the pulsars ' movements , the researchers found that one of the two pulsars was indeed precessing , as Einstein predicted after 1915 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Czech international joined Chelsea from French club Rennes for £ 7m in 2004 and has made 166 appearances for the club , keeping a remarkable 90 clean sheets .	The Czech international joined Chelsea from French club Rennes for £ 7m before 2005 and has made 166 appearances for the club , keeping a remarkable 90 clean sheets .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Czech international joined Chelsea from French club Rennes for £ 7m in 2004 and has made 166 appearances for the club , keeping a remarkable 90 clean sheets .	The Czech international joined Chelsea from French club Rennes for £ 7m after 2004 and has made 166 appearances for the club , keeping a remarkable 90 clean sheets .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	According to these documents , the gang members are tipped off early in the week of the game that the result of the match has already been agreed . ''	According to these documents , the gang members are tipped off early after the week of the game that the result of the match has already been agreed . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Upshall 's goal was his first since December 31 .	Upshall 's goal was his first since february 31 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Upshall 's goal was his first since December 31 .	Upshall 's goal was his first before December 31 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	-LRB- JP : I voted for Crist in 2006 ! -RRB-	-LRB- JP : I voted for Crist before 2007 ! -RRB-	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	-LRB- JP : I voted for Crist in 2006 ! -RRB-	-LRB- JP : I voted for Crist after 2006 ! -RRB-	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It has also OK ` ed 68 new firms and rejected 90 as approved lenders since 2007 .	It has also OK ` ed 68 new firms and rejected 90 as approved lenders since 2009 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It has also OK ` ed 68 new firms and rejected 90 as approved lenders since 2007 .	It has also OK ` ed 68 new firms and rejected 90 as approved lenders before 2007 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	According to the book , this inner turmoil , known by only a handful of her closest colleagues , lasted until her death in 1997 .	According to the book , this inner turmoil , known by only a handful of her closest colleagues , lasted until her death before 1998 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	According to the book , this inner turmoil , known by only a handful of her closest colleagues , lasted until her death in 1997 .	According to the book , this inner turmoil , known by only a handful of her closest colleagues , lasted until her death after 1997 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Aon Consulting said it was the highest level of volatility since the present method for working out deficits was introduced in 2001 .	Aon Consulting said it was the highest level of volatility since the present method for working out deficits was introduced before 2002 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Aon Consulting said it was the highest level of volatility since the present method for working out deficits was introduced in 2001 .	Aon Consulting said it was the highest level of volatility since the present method for working out deficits was introduced after 2001 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Cisco , the world 's largest maker of computer networking equipment , had a cash balance of more than $ 35 billion at the end of July , most of that overseas .	Cisco , the world 's largest maker of computer networking equipment , had a cash balance of more than $ 35 billion before the end of august , most of that overseas .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Cisco , the world 's largest maker of computer networking equipment , had a cash balance of more than $ 35 billion at the end of July , most of that overseas .	Cisco , the world 's largest maker of computer networking equipment , had a cash balance of more than $ 35 billion after the end of July , most of that overseas .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Inside the dorms on Amirabad Street , students were trying to sleep , though nerves were jangling ; just hours earlier several had been beaten in front of the main gate to the university .	Inside the dorms on Amirabad Street , students were trying to sleep , though nerves were jangling ; just hours time several had been beaten in front of the main gate to the university .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	DNA testing performed in the 1990s by Gus Cothran at the University of Kentucky 's Horse Genome Project -LRB- Dr. Cothran , a geneticist , now teaches at Texas A & M University -RRB- directly linked Caspians to horses of ancient Egypt and Persia , demonstrating that they were precursors of the Arabian and other horses classified as hot-blooded , reflecting their temperament .	DNA testing performed after the 1990s by Gus Cothran at the University of Kentucky 's Horse Genome Project -LRB- Dr. Cothran , a geneticist , now teaches at Texas A & M University -RRB- directly linked Caspians to horses of ancient Egypt and Persia , demonstrating that they were precursors of the Arabian and other horses classified as hot-blooded , reflecting their temperament .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Leno said he twice asked NBC to be released from his contract : once in 2009 , when he was forced out of '' Tonight '' to accommodate O ` Brien , and once this year , when his primetime show was canceled .	Leno said he twice asked NBC to be released from his contract : once before 2010 , when he was forced out of '' Tonight '' to accommodate O ` Brien , and once this year , when his primetime show was canceled .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Leno said he twice asked NBC to be released from his contract : once in 2009 , when he was forced out of '' Tonight '' to accommodate O ` Brien , and once this year , when his primetime show was canceled .	Leno said he twice asked NBC to be released from his contract : once after 2009 , when he was forced out of '' Tonight '' to accommodate O ` Brien , and once this year , when his primetime show was canceled .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Bishop admitted to the assault in court , and the charges were dismissed six months later . ''	Bishop admitted to the assault in court , and the charges were dismissed six months time . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The CML 's economist , Paul Samter , said that since the start of this year there had been a significant change in the type of lending done , as falling interest rates and house prices had made remortgaging less attractive to borrowers . ''	The CML 's economist , Paul Samter , said that before the start of this year there had been a significant change in the type of lending done , as falling interest rates and house prices had made remortgaging less attractive to borrowers . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The trade deficit with in January 2007 stood at 7.3 billion euros .	The trade deficit with before february 2007 stood at 7.3 billion euros .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The trade deficit with in January 2007 stood at 7.3 billion euros .	The trade deficit with after January 2007 stood at 7.3 billion euros .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The attacker first struck in 1992 when an 84-year-old woman was raped after a break-in at the flat where she lived alone in the Shirley area of Croydon .	The attacker first struck before 1993 when an 84-year-old woman was raped after a break-in at the flat where she lived alone in the Shirley area of Croydon .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The attacker first struck in 1992 when an 84-year-old woman was raped after a break-in at the flat where she lived alone in the Shirley area of Croydon .	The attacker first struck after 1992 when an 84-year-old woman was raped after a break-in at the flat where she lived alone in the Shirley area of Croydon .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr Van Colle was shot dead in 2000 by former employee Daniel Brougham who was jailed for life in March 2002 .	Mr Van Colle was shot dead before 2001 by former employee Daniel Brougham who was jailed for life in March 2002 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr Van Colle was shot dead in 2000 by former employee Daniel Brougham who was jailed for life in March 2002 .	Mr Van Colle was shot dead after 2000 by former employee Daniel Brougham who was jailed for life in March 2002 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Marriott Hotels announced in July that they were making all of their hotels 100 percent smoke-free , but they have made an exception for the Big Smoke .	Marriott Hotels announced before august that they were making all of their hotels 100 percent smoke-free , but they have made an exception for the Big Smoke .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Marriott Hotels announced in July that they were making all of their hotels 100 percent smoke-free , but they have made an exception for the Big Smoke .	Marriott Hotels announced after July that they were making all of their hotels 100 percent smoke-free , but they have made an exception for the Big Smoke .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He puts the odds on the carmaker going under at 20-30 per cent .	He puts the odds on the carmaker going under after 20-30 per cent .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Our invested assets of $ 2.1 billion yielded 5.6 % on a tax equivalent basis at September 30 , 2009 with a net unrealized gain of $ 101.0 million for the nine months ended September 30 , 2009 .	Our invested assets of $ 2.1 billion yielded 5.6 % on a tax equivalent basis before october 30 , 2009 with a net unrealized gain of $ 101.0 million for the nine months ended September 30 , 2009 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Our invested assets of $ 2.1 billion yielded 5.6 % on a tax equivalent basis at September 30 , 2009 with a net unrealized gain of $ 101.0 million for the nine months ended September 30 , 2009 .	Our invested assets of $ 2.1 billion yielded 5.6 % on a tax equivalent basis after September 30 , 2009 with a net unrealized gain of $ 101.0 million for the nine months ended September 30 , 2009 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Yahoo began life in February 1994 as a simple catalogue of Web sites put together by Stanford University students David Filo and Jerry Yang .	Yahoo began life before march 1994 as a simple catalogue of Web sites put together by Stanford University students David Filo and Jerry Yang .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Yahoo began life in February 1994 as a simple catalogue of Web sites put together by Stanford University students David Filo and Jerry Yang .	Yahoo began life after February 1994 as a simple catalogue of Web sites put together by Stanford University students David Filo and Jerry Yang .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The first phase of this subway , which was first proposed in the 1920s and canceled three times due to different cash crunches , is not the only project imperiled by the shortfall , according to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority .	The first phase of this subway , which was first proposed after the 1920s and canceled three times due to different cash crunches , is not the only project imperiled by the shortfall , according to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The man , who is thought to have been in his 20s , was found on the A41 Hockley flyover at about 0230 GMT .	The man , who is thought to have been in his 20s , was found on the A41 Hockley flyover before about 231 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The man , who is thought to have been in his 20s , was found on the A41 Hockley flyover at about 0230 GMT .	The man , who is thought to have been in his 20s , was found on the A41 Hockley flyover after about 0230 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Although Dooley does not have the glamorous résumé that Tennessee fans had yearned for as the team tries to close ground on Alabama and Florida in the SEC , his tenure should be less bumpy than his predecessor 's .	Although Dooley does not have the glamorous résumé that Tennessee fans had yearned for as the team tries to close ground on Alabama and Florida after the SEC , his tenure should be less bumpy than his predecessor 's .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Service-sector employment rose 90,000 in April .	Service-sector employment rose 90,000 before may .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Service-sector employment rose 90,000 in April .	Service-sector employment rose 90,000 after April .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	There was another change just weeks later when billionaire sportswear tycoon Mike Ashley took control of the club , after chairman Freddy Shepherd agreed to sell his 28 % stake .	There was another change just weeks time when billionaire sportswear tycoon Mike Ashley took control of the club , after chairman Freddy Shepherd agreed to sell his 28 % stake .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	UK Olympics Minister Tessa Jowell said she looked forward to co-operating with the games organisers as they took their plans forward in the coming years .	UK Olympics Minister Tessa Jowell said she looked forward to co-operating with the games organisers as they took their plans forward after the coming years .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He said he started to raise pot at the dispensary 's location in December .	He said he started to raise pot at the dispensary 's location before january .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He said he started to raise pot at the dispensary 's location in December .	He said he started to raise pot at the dispensary 's location after December .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The first round in June , a televised extravaganza , resulted in the embarrassing outcome that just one of the eight contracts on the block found a taker .	The first round before july , a televised extravaganza , resulted in the embarrassing outcome that just one of the eight contracts on the block found a taker .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The first round in June , a televised extravaganza , resulted in the embarrassing outcome that just one of the eight contracts on the block found a taker .	The first round after June , a televised extravaganza , resulted in the embarrassing outcome that just one of the eight contracts on the block found a taker .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He said overall , though , investors are cautious ahead of the government 's stress test results in May , and first-quarter results from Citigroup Inc. and Bank of America Corp. .	He said overall , though , investors are cautious ahead of the government 's stress test results before june , and first-quarter results from Citigroup Inc. and Bank of America Corp. .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He said overall , though , investors are cautious ahead of the government 's stress test results in May , and first-quarter results from Citigroup Inc. and Bank of America Corp. .	He said overall , though , investors are cautious ahead of the government 's stress test results after May , and first-quarter results from Citigroup Inc. and Bank of America Corp. .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	-LRB- AP -RRB- The rate of child maltreatment in the U.S. dipped in 2008 to its lowest level since 1990 , but the number of abuse-related child fatalities continued to rise , according to new federal figures .	-LRB- AP -RRB- The rate of child maltreatment in the U.S. dipped in 2008 to its lowest level since 1992 , but the number of abuse-related child fatalities continued to rise , according to new federal figures .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	-LRB- AP -RRB- The rate of child maltreatment in the U.S. dipped in 2008 to its lowest level since 1990 , but the number of abuse-related child fatalities continued to rise , according to new federal figures .	-LRB- AP -RRB- The rate of child maltreatment in the U.S. dipped in 2008 to its lowest level before 1990 , but the number of abuse-related child fatalities continued to rise , according to new federal figures .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	LOS ANGELES -LRB- AP -RRB- - entertainmentminute Prosecutors said Monday they won ' t pursue charges against rapper Warren G , who was arrested a day earlier for being in a car with marijuana .	LOS ANGELES -LRB- AP -RRB- - entertainmentminute Prosecutors said Monday they won ' t pursue charges against rapper Warren G , who was arrested a day time for being in a car with marijuana .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	As a former Waffen-SS soldier , Bikker became a naturalised German citizen and could not be extradited to the Netherlands after he was finally tracked down in 1995 .	As a former Waffen-SS soldier , Bikker became a naturalised German citizen and could not be extradited to the Netherlands after he was finally tracked down before 1996 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	As a former Waffen-SS soldier , Bikker became a naturalised German citizen and could not be extradited to the Netherlands after he was finally tracked down in 1995 .	As a former Waffen-SS soldier , Bikker became a naturalised German citizen and could not be extradited to the Netherlands after he was finally tracked down after 1995 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Duncan , 45 , pleaded guilty in December to 10 federal charges stemming from his 2005 kidnapping of Shasta and Dylan Groene , and the murder of Dylan at a remote campsite in Montana 's Lolo National Forest .	Duncan , 45 , pleaded guilty before january to 10 federal charges stemming from his 2005 kidnapping of Shasta and Dylan Groene , and the murder of Dylan at a remote campsite in Montana 's Lolo National Forest .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Duncan , 45 , pleaded guilty in December to 10 federal charges stemming from his 2005 kidnapping of Shasta and Dylan Groene , and the murder of Dylan at a remote campsite in Montana 's Lolo National Forest .	Duncan , 45 , pleaded guilty after December to 10 federal charges stemming from his 2005 kidnapping of Shasta and Dylan Groene , and the murder of Dylan at a remote campsite in Montana 's Lolo National Forest .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He said he would vote for the ANC , crediting it with building schools and houses and improving education since taking power in 1994 .	He said he would vote for the ANC , crediting it with building schools and houses and improving education since taking power before 1995 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He said he would vote for the ANC , crediting it with building schools and houses and improving education since taking power in 1994 .	He said he would vote for the ANC , crediting it with building schools and houses and improving education since taking power after 1994 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - Sales of existing homes fell in March while the median home price declined , as a severe slump in housing showed no signs of abating .	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - Sales of existing homes fell before april while the median home price declined , as a severe slump in housing showed no signs of abating .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - Sales of existing homes fell in March while the median home price declined , as a severe slump in housing showed no signs of abating .	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - Sales of existing homes fell after March while the median home price declined , as a severe slump in housing showed no signs of abating .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The United States switched diplomatic recognition from Taiwan to China in 1979 , recognizing '' one China , '' but remains the island 's biggest ally .	The United States switched diplomatic recognition from Taiwan to China before 1980 , recognizing '' one China , '' but remains the island 's biggest ally .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The United States switched diplomatic recognition from Taiwan to China in 1979 , recognizing '' one China , '' but remains the island 's biggest ally .	The United States switched diplomatic recognition from Taiwan to China after 1979 , recognizing '' one China , '' but remains the island 's biggest ally .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Yet the Dutch forces lost only six soldiers killed in 2008 , while the British in neighbouring Helmand lost 51 dead and Canadian forces in Kandahar lost 32 soldiers .	Yet the Dutch forces lost only six soldiers killed before 2009 , while the British in neighbouring Helmand lost 51 dead and Canadian forces in Kandahar lost 32 soldiers .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Yet the Dutch forces lost only six soldiers killed in 2008 , while the British in neighbouring Helmand lost 51 dead and Canadian forces in Kandahar lost 32 soldiers .	Yet the Dutch forces lost only six soldiers killed after 2008 , while the British in neighbouring Helmand lost 51 dead and Canadian forces in Kandahar lost 32 soldiers .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	WHY is Gustav Klimt , an Austrian artist who lived between 1862 and 1918 , so popular ?	WHY is Gustav Klimt , an Austrian artist who lived between 1861 and 1918 , so popular ?	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	WHY is Gustav Klimt , an Austrian artist who lived between 1862 and 1918 , so popular ?	WHY is Gustav Klimt , an Austrian artist who lived between 1863 and 1918 , so popular ?	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The state 's most affordable markets , which represent 25 % of the state 's housing stock , accounted for 34.9 % of all foreclosure activity in the fourth quarter , down from 52 % a year earlier .	The state 's most affordable markets , which represent 25 % of the state 's housing stock , accounted for 34.9 % of all foreclosure activity after the fourth quarter , down from 52 % a year earlier .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The deficit rose from a downwardly revised $ 98 billion in the second quarter and was in line with analysts ' forecasts for a third quarter shortfall of $ 108 billion .	The deficit rose from a downwardly revised $ 98 billion after the second quarter and was in line with analysts ' forecasts for a third quarter shortfall of $ 108 billion .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But finding funds for such an effort will not be easy as the nation doles out trillions of dollars to prop up troubled financial companies , banks and car makers amid the worst economic crisis since the 1930s .	But finding funds for such an effort will not be easy as the nation doles out trillions of dollars to prop up troubled financial companies , banks and car makers amid the worst economic crisis before the 1930s .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He was charged at Thursday 's hearing with illegally entering a restricted zone , which carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison , and breaking immigration laws , which is punishable by up to one year behind bars , said the lawyer .	He was charged after Thursday 's hearing with illegally entering a restricted zone , which carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison , and breaking immigration laws , which is punishable by up to one year behind bars , said the lawyer .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Overall same-store sales results would flatten in the fourth quarter as comparisons ease , the company said .	Overall same-store sales results would flatten after the fourth quarter as comparisons ease , the company said .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The annual festive market , which will run from Thursday to Sunday , began in the early 1980s and attracts more than 150,000 visitors to the city .	The annual festive market , which will run from Thursday to Sunday , began after the early 1980s and attracts more than 150,000 visitors to the city .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He had been arrested for drunk driving himself twice before -- including in 2003 by the same officer who had pulled over Kazemi .	He had been arrested for drunk driving himself twice before -- including before 2004 by the same officer who had pulled over Kazemi .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He had been arrested for drunk driving himself twice before -- including in 2003 by the same officer who had pulled over Kazemi .	He had been arrested for drunk driving himself twice before -- including after 2003 by the same officer who had pulled over Kazemi .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Restless at Kingston Grammar School , he persuaded his father , Harry Ekberg , a senior manager at the Daily Mail , to let him leave school early , to spend six months learning about publishing at the Oxford University Press before joining the clerical staff of the News of the World in January 1939 .	Restless at Kingston Grammar School , he persuaded his father , Harry Ekberg , a senior manager at the Daily Mail , to let him leave school early , to spend six months learning about publishing at the Oxford University Press before joining the clerical staff of the News of the World before february 1939 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Restless at Kingston Grammar School , he persuaded his father , Harry Ekberg , a senior manager at the Daily Mail , to let him leave school early , to spend six months learning about publishing at the Oxford University Press before joining the clerical staff of the News of the World in January 1939 .	Restless at Kingston Grammar School , he persuaded his father , Harry Ekberg , a senior manager at the Daily Mail , to let him leave school early , to spend six months learning about publishing at the Oxford University Press before joining the clerical staff of the News of the World after January 1939 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The premier -- who took office in September as the world 's number two economy was sliding deep into recession amid the global economic downturn -- was likely to highlight his economic stimulus measures in appealing to voters .	The premier -- who took office before october as the world 's number two economy was sliding deep into recession amid the global economic downturn -- was likely to highlight his economic stimulus measures in appealing to voters .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The premier -- who took office in September as the world 's number two economy was sliding deep into recession amid the global economic downturn -- was likely to highlight his economic stimulus measures in appealing to voters .	The premier -- who took office after September as the world 's number two economy was sliding deep into recession amid the global economic downturn -- was likely to highlight his economic stimulus measures in appealing to voters .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Denmark , who were crowned champions of Europe in 1992 , face Portugal in Group H along with Iceland , Cyprus and Norway .	Denmark , who were crowned champions of Europe before 1993 , face Portugal in Group H along with Iceland , Cyprus and Norway .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Denmark , who were crowned champions of Europe in 1992 , face Portugal in Group H along with Iceland , Cyprus and Norway .	Denmark , who were crowned champions of Europe after 1992 , face Portugal in Group H along with Iceland , Cyprus and Norway .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Six years earlier , the Bolton board had rejected a bid for the player from the Italian club Fiorentina which would have made his financial future secure .	Six years time , the Bolton board had rejected a bid for the player from the Italian club Fiorentina which would have made his financial future secure .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	With the eyes of the international community on Myanmar at present , the honour and the credibility of the government of the Union of Myanmar are at stake , '' it said .	With the eyes of the international community on Myanmar after present , the honour and the credibility of the government of the Union of Myanmar are at stake , '' it said .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 34-year-old , who announced his retirement from road racing in September , was racing in the chaotic two-man Madison event with Spanish veteran Juan Llaneras when he crashed alongside Ukrainian Yaroslav Popovych .	The 34-year-old , who announced his retirement from road racing before october , was racing in the chaotic two-man Madison event with Spanish veteran Juan Llaneras when he crashed alongside Ukrainian Yaroslav Popovych .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The 34-year-old , who announced his retirement from road racing in September , was racing in the chaotic two-man Madison event with Spanish veteran Juan Llaneras when he crashed alongside Ukrainian Yaroslav Popovych .	The 34-year-old , who announced his retirement from road racing after September , was racing in the chaotic two-man Madison event with Spanish veteran Juan Llaneras when he crashed alongside Ukrainian Yaroslav Popovych .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The troubles led Citigroup 's profit to fall to $ 2.38 billion in the third quarter and will cause expenses to outpace revenue for a third consecutive year under Charles O. Prince III , its embattled chairman and chief executive .	The troubles led Citigroup 's profit to fall to $ 2.38 billion after the third quarter and will cause expenses to outpace revenue for a third consecutive year under Charles O. Prince III , its embattled chairman and chief executive .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr. Goerke , who worked for Campbell from 1955 until he retired in 1990 , also created the company 's Chunky soup line . ''	Mr. Goerke , who worked for Campbell from 1955 until he retired before 1991 , also created the company 's Chunky soup line . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr. Goerke , who worked for Campbell from 1955 until he retired in 1990 , also created the company 's Chunky soup line . ''	Mr. Goerke , who worked for Campbell from 1955 until he retired after 1990 , also created the company 's Chunky soup line . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The companies said that they expect to complete the deal , which is subject to regulatory approval , in the first half of 2008 .	The companies said that they expect to complete the deal , which is subject to regulatory approval , before the first half of 2009 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The companies said that they expect to complete the deal , which is subject to regulatory approval , in the first half of 2008 .	The companies said that they expect to complete the deal , which is subject to regulatory approval , after the first half of 2008 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The winter of 2008 / 9 also had the coldest average winter temperature since 2005 / 6 .	The winter of 2008 / 9 also had the coldest average winter temperature since 2007 / 6 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The winter of 2008 / 9 also had the coldest average winter temperature since 2005 / 6 .	The winter of 2008 / 9 also had the coldest average winter temperature before 2005 / 6 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Ban said he will invite world leaders to '' a critical high-level meeting '' in September to focus on meeting U.N. development goals -- including cutting by half the number of people without access to safe drinking water by 2015 -- particularly in Africa .	Ban said he will invite world leaders to '' a critical high-level meeting '' before october to focus on meeting U.N. development goals -- including cutting by half the number of people without access to safe drinking water by 2015 -- particularly in Africa .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ban said he will invite world leaders to '' a critical high-level meeting '' in September to focus on meeting U.N. development goals -- including cutting by half the number of people without access to safe drinking water by 2015 -- particularly in Africa .	Ban said he will invite world leaders to '' a critical high-level meeting '' after September to focus on meeting U.N. development goals -- including cutting by half the number of people without access to safe drinking water by 2015 -- particularly in Africa .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Core prices were flat in December .	Core prices were flat before january .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Core prices were flat in December .	Core prices were flat after December .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Rajoelina , a former disc jockey and Antananarivo mayor , led a campaign of street protests that started last year and , with the military 's help , culminated with President Marc Ravalomanana 's ouster in March .	Rajoelina , a former disc jockey and Antananarivo mayor , led a campaign of street protests that started last year and , with the military 's help , culminated with President Marc Ravalomanana 's ouster before april .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Rajoelina , a former disc jockey and Antananarivo mayor , led a campaign of street protests that started last year and , with the military 's help , culminated with President Marc Ravalomanana 's ouster in March .	Rajoelina , a former disc jockey and Antananarivo mayor , led a campaign of street protests that started last year and , with the military 's help , culminated with President Marc Ravalomanana 's ouster after March .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mrs Clark said her life changed the moment she met her '' beau '' - on 7 October at 1210 GMT '' exactly . ''	Mrs Clark said her life changed the moment she met her '' beau '' - on 7 October before 1211 GMT '' exactly . ''	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mrs Clark said her life changed the moment she met her '' beau '' - on 7 October at 1210 GMT '' exactly . ''	Mrs Clark said her life changed the moment she met her '' beau '' - on 7 October after 1210 GMT '' exactly . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Police were called to an address on Chinewood Avenue at 0315 BST after reports of a disturbance .	Police were called to an address on Chinewood Avenue before 316 BST after reports of a disturbance .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Police were called to an address on Chinewood Avenue at 0315 BST after reports of a disturbance .	Police were called to an address on Chinewood Avenue after 0315 BST after reports of a disturbance .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr. Sharif was overthrown in October 1999 in a bloodless military coup by then-General Musharraf , and holds a particular enmity against the president , who he says should resign .	Mr. Sharif was overthrown before november 1999 in a bloodless military coup by then-General Musharraf , and holds a particular enmity against the president , who he says should resign .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr. Sharif was overthrown in October 1999 in a bloodless military coup by then-General Musharraf , and holds a particular enmity against the president , who he says should resign .	Mr. Sharif was overthrown after October 1999 in a bloodless military coup by then-General Musharraf , and holds a particular enmity against the president , who he says should resign .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	That prison is scheduled to close in October if prisoners are not brought in from the federal system or another state .	That prison is scheduled to close before november if prisoners are not brought in from the federal system or another state .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That prison is scheduled to close in October if prisoners are not brought in from the federal system or another state .	That prison is scheduled to close after October if prisoners are not brought in from the federal system or another state .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON -- Consumer spending plunged in September by the largest amount in nine months , reflecting the end of the government 's Cash for Clunkers auto sales program .	WASHINGTON -- Consumer spending plunged before october by the largest amount in nine months , reflecting the end of the government 's Cash for Clunkers auto sales program .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON -- Consumer spending plunged in September by the largest amount in nine months , reflecting the end of the government 's Cash for Clunkers auto sales program .	WASHINGTON -- Consumer spending plunged after September by the largest amount in nine months , reflecting the end of the government 's Cash for Clunkers auto sales program .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Hutton referred to allegations first made in February last year by Ben Griffin , a former SAS soldier , that British troops had handed over to the US detainees who were then rendered to Iraq .	Hutton referred to allegations first made before march last year by Ben Griffin , a former SAS soldier , that British troops had handed over to the US detainees who were then rendered to Iraq .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hutton referred to allegations first made in February last year by Ben Griffin , a former SAS soldier , that British troops had handed over to the US detainees who were then rendered to Iraq .	Hutton referred to allegations first made after February last year by Ben Griffin , a former SAS soldier , that British troops had handed over to the US detainees who were then rendered to Iraq .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	An affidavit released by the court said Kendall Myers had first traveled to Cuba in 1978 , and Cuban intelligence then began to develop him as a Cuban agent .	An affidavit released by the court said Kendall Myers had first traveled to Cuba before 1979 , and Cuban intelligence then began to develop him as a Cuban agent .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	An affidavit released by the court said Kendall Myers had first traveled to Cuba in 1978 , and Cuban intelligence then began to develop him as a Cuban agent .	An affidavit released by the court said Kendall Myers had first traveled to Cuba after 1978 , and Cuban intelligence then began to develop him as a Cuban agent .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But back to Ali , the former '' Dancing With the Stars '' contestant still looks toned and terrific despite expecting her first child -LRB- a son -RRB- in September -- and it already appears as though another winner is in waiting .	But back to Ali , the former '' Dancing With the Stars '' contestant still looks toned and terrific despite expecting her first child -LRB- a son -RRB- before october -- and it already appears as though another winner is in waiting .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But back to Ali , the former '' Dancing With the Stars '' contestant still looks toned and terrific despite expecting her first child -LRB- a son -RRB- in September -- and it already appears as though another winner is in waiting .	But back to Ali , the former '' Dancing With the Stars '' contestant still looks toned and terrific despite expecting her first child -LRB- a son -RRB- after September -- and it already appears as though another winner is in waiting .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Having bid goodbye at last season 's end to time-and-space-traveling companion Donna Noble -LRB- Catherine Tate -RRB- , and once again to next-to-next-to-last companion Rose Tyler -LRB- Billie Piper -RRB- , the Doctor arrives solo in 19th century London .	Having bid goodbye at last season 's end to time-and-space-traveling companion Donna Noble -LRB- Catherine Tate -RRB- , and once again to next-to-next-to-last companion Rose Tyler -LRB- Billie Piper -RRB- , the Doctor arrives solo after 19th century London .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It delivered more than £ 1 billion of food aid to 78 developing countries in 2007 , she said .	It delivered more than £ 1 billion of food aid to 78 developing countries before 2008 , she said .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It delivered more than £ 1 billion of food aid to 78 developing countries in 2007 , she said .	It delivered more than £ 1 billion of food aid to 78 developing countries after 2007 , she said .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	However , the 1.94 million vehicles GM sold worldwide during the period were up nearly 20 percent from dismal sales in the first quarter .	However , the 1.94 million vehicles GM sold worldwide during the period were up nearly 20 percent from dismal sales after the first quarter .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The case is pending , but her license expired in November 2008 .	The case is pending , but her license expired before december 2008 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The case is pending , but her license expired in November 2008 .	The case is pending , but her license expired after November 2008 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Robert Blake and the Duke of York -LRB- later James II -RRB- had even less naval experience when they became admirals in the 17th century .	Robert Blake and the Duke of York -LRB- later James II -RRB- had even less naval experience when they became admirals after the 17th century .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	No Arab country advocated for a '' Palestinian state before 1967 .	No Arab country advocated for a '' Palestinian state before 1966 .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	No Arab country advocated for a '' Palestinian state before 1967 .	No Arab country advocated for a '' Palestinian state before 1968 .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	No Arab country advocated for a '' Palestinian state before 1967 .	No Arab country advocated for a '' Palestinian state at 1967 .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Giuliani has had the support of some gay rights groups in the past and has backed limited legal recognition for same-sex couples .	Giuliani has had the support of some gay rights groups after the past and has backed limited legal recognition for same-sex couples .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Then : Versatile defender who began his career with Everton 's city rivals Liverpool and won the Cup in 1989 when the Reds beat the Toffees in an emotional final five weeks after the Hillsborough disaster .	Then : Versatile defender who began his career with Everton 's city rivals Liverpool and won the Cup before 1990 when the Reds beat the Toffees in an emotional final five weeks after the Hillsborough disaster .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Then : Versatile defender who began his career with Everton 's city rivals Liverpool and won the Cup in 1989 when the Reds beat the Toffees in an emotional final five weeks after the Hillsborough disaster .	Then : Versatile defender who began his career with Everton 's city rivals Liverpool and won the Cup after 1989 when the Reds beat the Toffees in an emotional final five weeks after the Hillsborough disaster .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Point guard Mike James did not play in the fourth quarter as interim coach Ed Tapscott stuck with second-year guard Javaris Crittenton .	Point guard Mike James did not play after the fourth quarter as interim coach Ed Tapscott stuck with second-year guard Javaris Crittenton .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	So these comedy routines , which began as a radio show and were turned into podcasts for The Guardian 's Web site -LRB- guardian.co.uk -RRB- in 2005 , are a huge Internet hit that have escaped the notice of most American television viewers .	So these comedy routines , which began as a radio show and were turned into podcasts for The Guardian 's Web site -LRB- guardian.co.uk -RRB- before 2006 , are a huge Internet hit that have escaped the notice of most American television viewers .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	So these comedy routines , which began as a radio show and were turned into podcasts for The Guardian 's Web site -LRB- guardian.co.uk -RRB- in 2005 , are a huge Internet hit that have escaped the notice of most American television viewers .	So these comedy routines , which began as a radio show and were turned into podcasts for The Guardian 's Web site -LRB- guardian.co.uk -RRB- after 2005 , are a huge Internet hit that have escaped the notice of most American television viewers .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ms Nixon said the death toll was expected to rise in the coming days as police sift through the ashes of decimated homes in towns , including Marysville , which has been declared crime scenes .	Ms Nixon said the death toll was expected to rise after the coming days as police sift through the ashes of decimated homes in towns , including Marysville , which has been declared crime scenes .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	DUBAI , United Arab Emirates - Four of the five main online forums that al-Qaeda 's media wing uses to distribute statements by Osama bin Laden and other extremists have been disabled since mid-September , monitors of the Web sites say .	DUBAI , United Arab Emirates - Four of the five main online forums that al-Qaeda 's media wing uses to distribute statements by Osama bin Laden and other extremists have been disabled before mid-September , monitors of the Web sites say .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He was sentenced to 22 years in 2005 .	He was sentenced to 22 years before 2006 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He was sentenced to 22 years in 2005 .	He was sentenced to 22 years after 2005 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Burson-Marsteller forecast for the European elections in June shows that the centre-right European People 's party will remain the largest group in the European parliament -- even if the British Conservatives and the Czech ODS fulfil their aim to leave the EPP .	The Burson-Marsteller forecast for the European elections before july shows that the centre-right European People 's party will remain the largest group in the European parliament -- even if the British Conservatives and the Czech ODS fulfil their aim to leave the EPP .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Burson-Marsteller forecast for the European elections in June shows that the centre-right European People 's party will remain the largest group in the European parliament -- even if the British Conservatives and the Czech ODS fulfil their aim to leave the EPP .	The Burson-Marsteller forecast for the European elections after June shows that the centre-right European People 's party will remain the largest group in the European parliament -- even if the British Conservatives and the Czech ODS fulfil their aim to leave the EPP .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	More than 1m , including 79,000 Europeans , visited in July alone , according to the ministry of tourism .	More than 1m , including 79,000 Europeans , visited before august alone , according to the ministry of tourism .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	More than 1m , including 79,000 Europeans , visited in July alone , according to the ministry of tourism .	More than 1m , including 79,000 Europeans , visited after July alone , according to the ministry of tourism .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The publishers tout Unholy Awakening as a '' dark , gothic , vampiric mystery set in 19th-century Prussia , '' and it 's hard to argue with this summary .	The publishers tout Unholy Awakening as a '' dark , gothic , vampiric mystery set after 19th-century Prussia , '' and it 's hard to argue with this summary .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Israel , which placed most of the barriers after a Palestinian uprising erupted in 2000 when peace talks failed , says the measures are necessary to prevent suicide bombers from reaching its cities .	Israel , which placed most of the barriers after a Palestinian uprising erupted before 2001 when peace talks failed , says the measures are necessary to prevent suicide bombers from reaching its cities .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Israel , which placed most of the barriers after a Palestinian uprising erupted in 2000 when peace talks failed , says the measures are necessary to prevent suicide bombers from reaching its cities .	Israel , which placed most of the barriers after a Palestinian uprising erupted after 2000 when peace talks failed , says the measures are necessary to prevent suicide bombers from reaching its cities .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	BOSTON , June 30 / PRNewswire-FirstCall / -- Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write Opportunities Fund -LRB- NYSE : ETW -RRB- , today announced important information concerning its distribution declared in June 2009 .	BOSTON , June 30 / PRNewswire-FirstCall / -- Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write Opportunities Fund -LRB- NYSE : ETW -RRB- , today announced important information concerning its distribution declared before july 2009 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	BOSTON , June 30 / PRNewswire-FirstCall / -- Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write Opportunities Fund -LRB- NYSE : ETW -RRB- , today announced important information concerning its distribution declared in June 2009 .	BOSTON , June 30 / PRNewswire-FirstCall / -- Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write Opportunities Fund -LRB- NYSE : ETW -RRB- , today announced important information concerning its distribution declared after June 2009 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Many Chinese export factories nearly stopped buying raw materials then as their orders dried up , but they have been restocking since late spring .	Many Chinese export factories nearly stopped buying raw materials then as their orders dried up , but they have been restocking since late autumn .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Many Chinese export factories nearly stopped buying raw materials then as their orders dried up , but they have been restocking since late spring .	Many Chinese export factories nearly stopped buying raw materials then as their orders dried up , but they have been restocking before late spring .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The family of a 12-year-old boy missing since Friday have appealed to him to get in touch .	The family of a 12-year-old boy missing before Friday have appealed to him to get in touch .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	This phase will close large parts of the park for a total of eight months in 2012 .	This phase will close large parts of the park for a total of eight months before 2013 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This phase will close large parts of the park for a total of eight months in 2012 .	This phase will close large parts of the park for a total of eight months after 2012 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The fine relates to long-term contracts struck by National Grid in 2004 with five of the UK 's biggest power suppliers to install and maintain gas meters .	The fine relates to long-term contracts struck by National Grid before 2005 with five of the UK 's biggest power suppliers to install and maintain gas meters .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The fine relates to long-term contracts struck by National Grid in 2004 with five of the UK 's biggest power suppliers to install and maintain gas meters .	The fine relates to long-term contracts struck by National Grid after 2004 with five of the UK 's biggest power suppliers to install and maintain gas meters .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Hundreds of people have been killed in fighting in the sprawling slum district of some two million people since late March .	Hundreds of people have been killed in fighting in the sprawling slum district of some two million people since late may .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hundreds of people have been killed in fighting in the sprawling slum district of some two million people since late March .	Hundreds of people have been killed in fighting in the sprawling slum district of some two million people before late March .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It has applied to regional health authority NHS North West for funding for the centre , which could be built in 2009 .	It has applied to regional health authority NHS North West for funding for the centre , which could be built before 2010 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It has applied to regional health authority NHS North West for funding for the centre , which could be built in 2009 .	It has applied to regional health authority NHS North West for funding for the centre , which could be built after 2009 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Foolish Pleasure , at Belmont Park in July 1975 .	Foolish Pleasure , at Belmont Park before august 1975 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Foolish Pleasure , at Belmont Park in July 1975 .	Foolish Pleasure , at Belmont Park after July 1975 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The first leg of the Champions League qualifier takes place at Celtic Park on 18 August , with the return leg at the Emirates eight days later .	The first leg of the Champions League qualifier takes place at Celtic Park on 18 August , with the return leg at the Emirates eight days time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	2008 April - Radical Shia cleric Moqtada Sadr threatens to scrap Mehdi Army truce which he declared in August 2007 .	2008 April - Radical Shia cleric Moqtada Sadr threatens to scrap Mehdi Army truce which he declared before september 2007 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	2008 April - Radical Shia cleric Moqtada Sadr threatens to scrap Mehdi Army truce which he declared in August 2007 .	2008 April - Radical Shia cleric Moqtada Sadr threatens to scrap Mehdi Army truce which he declared after August 2007 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	We were ready to salute Hiddink 's remarkable feat because in February when he arrived , Chelsea were literally happy to beat Watford .	We were ready to salute Hiddink 's remarkable feat because before march when he arrived , Chelsea were literally happy to beat Watford .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	We were ready to salute Hiddink 's remarkable feat because in February when he arrived , Chelsea were literally happy to beat Watford .	We were ready to salute Hiddink 's remarkable feat because after February when he arrived , Chelsea were literally happy to beat Watford .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The marina currently attracts a lot of tourists to the island and in the last week or so there have been some negative comments from tourists who have left the island saying , to a certain extent , they are not going to come back , '' he told BBC News .	The marina currently attracts a lot of tourists to the island and after the last week or so there have been some negative comments from tourists who have left the island saying , to a certain extent , they are not going to come back , '' he told BBC News .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A shoving match erupted when Orlando 's Matt Barnes bumped into Hasheem Thabeet of the Grizzlies with 6 : 54 left in the third quarter .	A shoving match erupted when Orlando 's Matt Barnes bumped into Hasheem Thabeet of the Grizzlies with 6 : 54 left after the third quarter .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mrs Weinstein 's book could provide some of the more scurrilous allegations , but with Madoff behind bars for life , it remains her word against his , although his former secretary has come forward to say that a blonde woman , fitting Mrs Weinstein 's description , would on occasion show up at his office , demanding he leave in the middle of the day .	Mrs Weinstein 's book could provide some of the more scurrilous allegations , but with Madoff behind bars for life , it remains her word against his , although his former secretary has come forward to say that a blonde woman , fitting Mrs Weinstein 's description , would on occasion show up at his office , demanding he leave after the middle of the day .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He sank a 33-footer just before the end of the third quarter to put the Lakers up by 12 , then struck a frozen pose at midcourt to silence the capacity crowd .	He sank a 33-footer just at the end of the third quarter to put the Lakers up by 12 , then struck a frozen pose at midcourt to silence the capacity crowd .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	However historians claim the land is part of the battlefield where Oliver Cromwell 's men defeated the Royalists in 1645 in one of the most important moments of the English Civil War .	However historians claim the land is part of the battlefield where Oliver Cromwell 's men defeated the Royalists before 1646 in one of the most important moments of the English Civil War .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	However historians claim the land is part of the battlefield where Oliver Cromwell 's men defeated the Royalists in 1645 in one of the most important moments of the English Civil War .	However historians claim the land is part of the battlefield where Oliver Cromwell 's men defeated the Royalists after 1645 in one of the most important moments of the English Civil War .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The number of independent community pharmacies in operation has held steady since last year at 23,318 , which comprise 39.4 % of the nation 's retail pharmacies .	The number of independent community pharmacies in operation has held steady before last year at 23,318 , which comprise 39.4 % of the nation 's retail pharmacies .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	US consumption is forecast to slip 44 per cent between 2006 and 2010 .	US consumption is forecast to slip 44 per cent between 2005 and 2010 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	US consumption is forecast to slip 44 per cent between 2006 and 2010 .	US consumption is forecast to slip 44 per cent between 2007 and 2010 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The U.S. government offered Chukchi Sea oil and gas leases in 2008 , creating a swarm of international bidders .	The U.S. government offered Chukchi Sea oil and gas leases before 2009 , creating a swarm of international bidders .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The U.S. government offered Chukchi Sea oil and gas leases in 2008 , creating a swarm of international bidders .	The U.S. government offered Chukchi Sea oil and gas leases after 2008 , creating a swarm of international bidders .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Formal treaty negotiations will get underway later this year , with a view to reaching a final agreement in 2013 .	Formal treaty negotiations will get underway later this year , with a view to reaching a final agreement before 2014 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Formal treaty negotiations will get underway later this year , with a view to reaching a final agreement in 2013 .	Formal treaty negotiations will get underway later this year , with a view to reaching a final agreement after 2013 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Tia and Matthew , the only five-time participants at this year 's bee , have developed a competitive but friendly rivalry , quizzing each other weekly via computer .	Tia and Matthew , the only five-time participants after this year 's bee , have developed a competitive but friendly rivalry , quizzing each other weekly via computer .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Systemwide sales , which include restaurants owned by franchisees and affiliates operating under joint-venture agreements , rose 13.2 percent in February .	Systemwide sales , which include restaurants owned by franchisees and affiliates operating under joint-venture agreements , rose 13.2 percent before march .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Systemwide sales , which include restaurants owned by franchisees and affiliates operating under joint-venture agreements , rose 13.2 percent in February .	Systemwide sales , which include restaurants owned by franchisees and affiliates operating under joint-venture agreements , rose 13.2 percent after February .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The New York star left the game after his 18-yard TD pass to Sinorice Moss put the Giants up 24-0 early in the fourth quarter .	The New York star left the game after his 18-yard TD pass to Sinorice Moss put the Giants up 24-0 early after the fourth quarter .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A major focus for economists and forecasters will be the key monthly payrolls report , due on Friday , which comes after today 's release of the Beige Book of economic conditions from the Fed .	A major focus for economists and forecasters will be the key monthly payrolls report , due on Friday , which comes at today 's release of the Beige Book of economic conditions from the Fed .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	European aircraft manufacturer Airbus has logged 119 cancelled aircraft orders since the start of the year , including 71 in October alone , company figures showed Thursday .	European aircraft manufacturer Airbus has logged 119 cancelled aircraft orders since the start of the year , including 71 before november alone , company figures showed Thursday .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	European aircraft manufacturer Airbus has logged 119 cancelled aircraft orders since the start of the year , including 71 in October alone , company figures showed Thursday .	European aircraft manufacturer Airbus has logged 119 cancelled aircraft orders since the start of the year , including 71 after October alone , company figures showed Thursday .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Despite heart surgery , hearing loss and arthritic knees that forced him to walk with canes , Mailer retained his enthusiasm for writing and in early 2007 released '' The Castle in the Forest , '' a novel about Hitler 's early years , narrated by an underling of Satan .	Despite heart surgery , hearing loss and arthritic knees that forced him to walk with canes , Mailer retained his enthusiasm for writing and before early 2008 released '' The Castle in the Forest , '' a novel about Hitler 's early years , narrated by an underling of Satan .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Despite heart surgery , hearing loss and arthritic knees that forced him to walk with canes , Mailer retained his enthusiasm for writing and in early 2007 released '' The Castle in the Forest , '' a novel about Hitler 's early years , narrated by an underling of Satan .	Despite heart surgery , hearing loss and arthritic knees that forced him to walk with canes , Mailer retained his enthusiasm for writing and after early 2007 released '' The Castle in the Forest , '' a novel about Hitler 's early years , narrated by an underling of Satan .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The cases include the decade-old case of 15-year-old Lisa Norrell , a school girl who was found strangled in November 1998 , several days after disappearing on her way home from a party in Antioch .	The cases include the decade-old case of 15-year-old Lisa Norrell , a school girl who was found strangled before december 1998 , several days after disappearing on her way home from a party in Antioch .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The cases include the decade-old case of 15-year-old Lisa Norrell , a school girl who was found strangled in November 1998 , several days after disappearing on her way home from a party in Antioch .	The cases include the decade-old case of 15-year-old Lisa Norrell , a school girl who was found strangled after November 1998 , several days after disappearing on her way home from a party in Antioch .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But the outlook looks less rosy for Japan , Italy and Britain , which are all forecast to endure further declines in GDP before the year is out .	But the outlook looks less rosy for Japan , Italy and Britain , which are all forecast to endure further declines in GDP at the year is out .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Another wrote in December 1963 : '' He does not want shift work but I believe the reason for his not liking shifts is because he is a member of a vocal group which is supposedly an amateur affair .	Another wrote before january 1963 : '' He does not want shift work but I believe the reason for his not liking shifts is because he is a member of a vocal group which is supposedly an amateur affair .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Another wrote in December 1963 : '' He does not want shift work but I believe the reason for his not liking shifts is because he is a member of a vocal group which is supposedly an amateur affair .	Another wrote after December 1963 : '' He does not want shift work but I believe the reason for his not liking shifts is because he is a member of a vocal group which is supposedly an amateur affair .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	While domestic economic concerns have pushed the war off newspaper front pages , Iraq is a major issue in November 's U.S. presidential election .	While domestic economic concerns have pushed the war off newspaper front pages , Iraq is a major issue before december 's U.S. presidential election .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	While domestic economic concerns have pushed the war off newspaper front pages , Iraq is a major issue in November 's U.S. presidential election .	While domestic economic concerns have pushed the war off newspaper front pages , Iraq is a major issue after November 's U.S. presidential election .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nor were we back at Aug .	Nor were we back after Aug .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	You have experience cooking all the offal meats in tonight 's challenge .	You have experience cooking all the offal meats after tonight 's challenge .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	They would pick up to 8-9 percent in 2010 , she said .	They would pick up to 8-9 percent before 2011 , she said .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They would pick up to 8-9 percent in 2010 , she said .	They would pick up to 8-9 percent after 2010 , she said .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The European Union in January , however , accepted an official list of terrorist organizations that did not include the PMOI , following months of lobbying by the group .	The European Union before february , however , accepted an official list of terrorist organizations that did not include the PMOI , following months of lobbying by the group .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The European Union in January , however , accepted an official list of terrorist organizations that did not include the PMOI , following months of lobbying by the group .	The European Union after January , however , accepted an official list of terrorist organizations that did not include the PMOI , following months of lobbying by the group .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The first out-of-towners to visit what is now Santa Fe arrived from Mexico in the 16th century .	The first out-of-towners to visit what is now Santa Fe arrived from Mexico after the 16th century .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Defoe 's opener will only have added to their misery and any regret they may harbour from selling him to Pompey in January .	Defoe 's opener will only have added to their misery and any regret they may harbour from selling him to Pompey before february .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Defoe 's opener will only have added to their misery and any regret they may harbour from selling him to Pompey in January .	Defoe 's opener will only have added to their misery and any regret they may harbour from selling him to Pompey after January .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But the lessons were ignored , and in this decade , the mistakes were repeated with far more harmful consequences .	But the lessons were ignored , and after this decade , the mistakes were repeated with far more harmful consequences .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	During the morning preliminaries , she posted a personal-best 58.17 , which eclipsed by 0.24 of a second a national age-group record for 11 - and 12-year-olds that had stood since 1985 .	During the morning preliminaries , she posted a personal-best 58.17 , which eclipsed by 0.24 of a second a national age-group record for 11 - and 12-year-olds that had stood since 1987 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	During the morning preliminaries , she posted a personal-best 58.17 , which eclipsed by 0.24 of a second a national age-group record for 11 - and 12-year-olds that had stood since 1985 .	During the morning preliminaries , she posted a personal-best 58.17 , which eclipsed by 0.24 of a second a national age-group record for 11 - and 12-year-olds that had stood before 1985 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	South Carolina has figured as an important GOP state in past campaigns for the party 's nomination .	South Carolina has figured as an important GOP state after past campaigns for the party 's nomination .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Dennis has served as Vice President and Corporate Controller since 1999 .	Dennis has served as Vice President and Corporate Controller since 2001 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Dennis has served as Vice President and Corporate Controller since 1999 .	Dennis has served as Vice President and Corporate Controller before 1999 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Young Scott Bartlett 's fantasies are ruined by mundane reality as he muddles through being 15 on Long Island in 1979 .	Young Scott Bartlett 's fantasies are ruined by mundane reality as he muddles through being 15 on Long Island before 1980 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Young Scott Bartlett 's fantasies are ruined by mundane reality as he muddles through being 15 on Long Island in 1979 .	Young Scott Bartlett 's fantasies are ruined by mundane reality as he muddles through being 15 on Long Island after 1979 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The top personal rate was reduced to 28 % in 1986 .	The top personal rate was reduced to 28 % before 1987 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The top personal rate was reduced to 28 % in 1986 .	The top personal rate was reduced to 28 % after 1986 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The administration has already spent hundreds of billions of dollars trying to stabilize the housing market and reduce foreclosures that have multiplied across the country since the peak of the financial crisis in September 2008 .	The administration has already spent hundreds of billions of dollars trying to stabilize the housing market and reduce foreclosures that have multiplied across the country since the peak of the financial crisis before october 2008 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The administration has already spent hundreds of billions of dollars trying to stabilize the housing market and reduce foreclosures that have multiplied across the country since the peak of the financial crisis in September 2008 .	The administration has already spent hundreds of billions of dollars trying to stabilize the housing market and reduce foreclosures that have multiplied across the country since the peak of the financial crisis after September 2008 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Average hourly earnings for jobholders rose to $ 17.86 in March and are up 3.6 percent over the past 12 months .	Average hourly earnings for jobholders rose to $ 17.86 before april and are up 3.6 percent over the past 12 months .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Average hourly earnings for jobholders rose to $ 17.86 in March and are up 3.6 percent over the past 12 months .	Average hourly earnings for jobholders rose to $ 17.86 after March and are up 3.6 percent over the past 12 months .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Not a drop of rain has fallen on the city since June 5 , according to the National Weather Service , but aging water pipes have blown up at a rate of more than one a day .	Not a drop of rain has fallen on the city since august 5 , according to the National Weather Service , but aging water pipes have blown up at a rate of more than one a day .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Not a drop of rain has fallen on the city since June 5 , according to the National Weather Service , but aging water pipes have blown up at a rate of more than one a day .	Not a drop of rain has fallen on the city before June 5 , according to the National Weather Service , but aging water pipes have blown up at a rate of more than one a day .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A UN-brokered ceasefire in early September was broken and fighting in recent days in the restive eastern Nord-Kivu province has left at least 85 Nkunda rebels and 16 troops dead , according to the army . ''	A UN-brokered ceasefire before early october was broken and fighting in recent days in the restive eastern Nord-Kivu province has left at least 85 Nkunda rebels and 16 troops dead , according to the army . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A UN-brokered ceasefire in early September was broken and fighting in recent days in the restive eastern Nord-Kivu province has left at least 85 Nkunda rebels and 16 troops dead , according to the army . ''	A UN-brokered ceasefire after early September was broken and fighting in recent days in the restive eastern Nord-Kivu province has left at least 85 Nkunda rebels and 16 troops dead , according to the army . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I am committed to working for a more coherent diplomatic approach to this crisis that does not allow any of the parties to the conflict to flout the will of the international community with impunity in the future .	I am committed to working for a more coherent diplomatic approach to this crisis that does not allow any of the parties to the conflict to flout the will of the international community with impunity after the future .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The former variety store with an apartment on top was purchased by the Outlaws biker organization in the 1980s .	The former variety store with an apartment on top was purchased by the Outlaws biker organization after the 1980s .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	For the quarter ended March 1 , the company earned $ 412.5 million , or 72 cents a share , up from a profit of $ 187.4 million , or 33 cents a share , in the period a year earlier .	For the quarter ended March 1 , the company earned $ 412.5 million , or 72 cents a share , up from a profit of $ 187.4 million , or 33 cents a share , in the period a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	England won the first meeting at The Oval in 1875 by two goals to nil .	England won the first meeting at The Oval before 1876 by two goals to nil .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	England won the first meeting at The Oval in 1875 by two goals to nil .	England won the first meeting at The Oval after 1875 by two goals to nil .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	, on hard courts in March .	, on hard courts before april .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	, on hard courts in March .	, on hard courts after March .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Clara Rojas was captured by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , in 2002 while campaigning for presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt .	Clara Rojas was captured by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , before 2003 while campaigning for presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Clara Rojas was captured by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , in 2002 while campaigning for presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt .	Clara Rojas was captured by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , after 2002 while campaigning for presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The force is braced for further disclosures about the operation when an inquest is held for Mr de Menezes in September .	The force is braced for further disclosures about the operation when an inquest is held for Mr de Menezes before october .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The force is braced for further disclosures about the operation when an inquest is held for Mr de Menezes in September .	The force is braced for further disclosures about the operation when an inquest is held for Mr de Menezes after September .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Three years later , Clyde Tolson , Hoover 's longtime assistant and the object of persistent rumors about the nature of his relationship with Hoover , was buried in a separate plot alongside his old boss .	Three years time , Clyde Tolson , Hoover 's longtime assistant and the object of persistent rumors about the nature of his relationship with Hoover , was buried in a separate plot alongside his old boss .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He was trapped in his car and was freed by firefighters after the accident just before 1800 BST on Friday . ''	He was trapped in his car and was freed by firefighters after the accident just before 1799 BST on Friday . ''	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	He was trapped in his car and was freed by firefighters after the accident just before 1800 BST on Friday . ''	He was trapped in his car and was freed by firefighters after the accident just before 1801 BST on Friday . ''	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He was trapped in his car and was freed by firefighters after the accident just before 1800 BST on Friday . ''	He was trapped in his car and was freed by firefighters after the accident just at 1800 BST on Friday . ''	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Wright Inquiry , led by Lord MacLean , was announced in November 2004 following claims of security force collusion .	The Wright Inquiry , led by Lord MacLean , was announced before december 2004 following claims of security force collusion .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Wright Inquiry , led by Lord MacLean , was announced in November 2004 following claims of security force collusion .	The Wright Inquiry , led by Lord MacLean , was announced after November 2004 following claims of security force collusion .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But the Horsemen all played at the same time -- outlined against the blue-gray October sky of the Polo Grounds in 1924 and not beneath the grayish ceiling of the Edward Jones Dome that kept out the windy , rainy remnants of Hurricane Ike on a September Sunday .	But the Horsemen all played at the same time -- outlined against the blue-gray October sky of the Polo Grounds before 1925 and not beneath the grayish ceiling of the Edward Jones Dome that kept out the windy , rainy remnants of Hurricane Ike on a September Sunday .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But the Horsemen all played at the same time -- outlined against the blue-gray October sky of the Polo Grounds in 1924 and not beneath the grayish ceiling of the Edward Jones Dome that kept out the windy , rainy remnants of Hurricane Ike on a September Sunday .	But the Horsemen all played at the same time -- outlined against the blue-gray October sky of the Polo Grounds after 1924 and not beneath the grayish ceiling of the Edward Jones Dome that kept out the windy , rainy remnants of Hurricane Ike on a September Sunday .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Auto companies want that provision , now set to expire in 2009 , extended through 2020 , while Senate negotiators wanted to phase it out earlier .	Auto companies want that provision , now set to expire before 2010 , extended through 2020 , while Senate negotiators wanted to phase it out earlier .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Auto companies want that provision , now set to expire in 2009 , extended through 2020 , while Senate negotiators wanted to phase it out earlier .	Auto companies want that provision , now set to expire after 2009 , extended through 2020 , while Senate negotiators wanted to phase it out earlier .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	once every two years in september , monroe celebrates its dairy heritage with a festival known as ' cheese days ... .	once every two years before october , monroe celebrates its dairy heritage with a festival known as ' cheese days ... .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	once every two years in september , monroe celebrates its dairy heritage with a festival known as ' cheese days ... .	once every two years after september , monroe celebrates its dairy heritage with a festival known as ' cheese days ... .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Franciscan monk was canonised by the late Pope John Paul II in 2002 .	The Franciscan monk was canonised by the late Pope John Paul II before 2003 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Franciscan monk was canonised by the late Pope John Paul II in 2002 .	The Franciscan monk was canonised by the late Pope John Paul II after 2002 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Then came Turin , four years later , and he found an encore elusive .	Then came Turin , four years time , and he found an encore elusive .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hasbro 's U.S. and Canada sales rose 6 percent in the quarter , while international sales were up 9 percent , or 4 percent excluding the impact of foreign exchange rates .	Hasbro 's U.S. and Canada sales rose 6 percent after the quarter , while international sales were up 9 percent , or 4 percent excluding the impact of foreign exchange rates .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Night markets began earning a name in the 1960s for snacks and drinks sold by vendors , who often bark at passers-by or play loud music .	Night markets began earning a name after the 1960s for snacks and drinks sold by vendors , who often bark at passers-by or play loud music .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	On a warm Friday in late April , as I rode back from prayers at the Molla Esmail Mosque in the dusty central Iranian town of Yazd , my companion was a loaded Kalashnikov rifle .	On a warm Friday before late may , as I rode back from prayers at the Molla Esmail Mosque in the dusty central Iranian town of Yazd , my companion was a loaded Kalashnikov rifle .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	On a warm Friday in late April , as I rode back from prayers at the Molla Esmail Mosque in the dusty central Iranian town of Yazd , my companion was a loaded Kalashnikov rifle .	On a warm Friday after late April , as I rode back from prayers at the Molla Esmail Mosque in the dusty central Iranian town of Yazd , my companion was a loaded Kalashnikov rifle .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	All lanes re-opened today at about 1430 BST , but traffic remains slow-moving .	All lanes re-opened today before about 1431 BST , but traffic remains slow-moving .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	All lanes re-opened today at about 1430 BST , but traffic remains slow-moving .	All lanes re-opened today after about 1430 BST , but traffic remains slow-moving .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A roadmap for normalising relations between Turkey and Armenia was agreed in April .	A roadmap for normalising relations between Turkey and Armenia was agreed before may .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A roadmap for normalising relations between Turkey and Armenia was agreed in April .	A roadmap for normalising relations between Turkey and Armenia was agreed after April .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He asked Mr Brown to clarify '' what a combination of written answers and the MoD website suggest - that the figure has actually increased since October . ''	He asked Mr Brown to clarify '' what a combination of written answers and the MoD website suggest - that the figure has actually increased since december . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He asked Mr Brown to clarify '' what a combination of written answers and the MoD website suggest - that the figure has actually increased since October . ''	He asked Mr Brown to clarify '' what a combination of written answers and the MoD website suggest - that the figure has actually increased before October . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Established in 1989 , it 's the only lodge in North America that has authentic African canvas safari tents , which let you sleep under the stars with the wildlife .	Established before 1990 , it 's the only lodge in North America that has authentic African canvas safari tents , which let you sleep under the stars with the wildlife .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Established in 1989 , it 's the only lodge in North America that has authentic African canvas safari tents , which let you sleep under the stars with the wildlife .	Established after 1989 , it 's the only lodge in North America that has authentic African canvas safari tents , which let you sleep under the stars with the wildlife .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The holiday , which means a day off for city workers and public school students , was signed into law by former Mayor Anthony A. Williams -LRB- D -RRB- to commemorate the day in 1862 that President Abraham Lincoln freed the city 's 3,000 slaves , a year before his Emancipation Proclamation did the same nationwide .	The holiday , which means a day off for city workers and public school students , was signed into law by former Mayor Anthony A. Williams -LRB- D -RRB- to commemorate the day before 1863 that President Abraham Lincoln freed the city 's 3,000 slaves , a year before his Emancipation Proclamation did the same nationwide .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The holiday , which means a day off for city workers and public school students , was signed into law by former Mayor Anthony A. Williams -LRB- D -RRB- to commemorate the day in 1862 that President Abraham Lincoln freed the city 's 3,000 slaves , a year before his Emancipation Proclamation did the same nationwide .	The holiday , which means a day off for city workers and public school students , was signed into law by former Mayor Anthony A. Williams -LRB- D -RRB- to commemorate the day after 1862 that President Abraham Lincoln freed the city 's 3,000 slaves , a year before his Emancipation Proclamation did the same nationwide .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Former Atlantic City Mayor Bob Levy pleaded guilty in November to defrauding the U.S. government .	Former Atlantic City Mayor Bob Levy pleaded guilty before december to defrauding the U.S. government .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Former Atlantic City Mayor Bob Levy pleaded guilty in November to defrauding the U.S. government .	Former Atlantic City Mayor Bob Levy pleaded guilty after November to defrauding the U.S. government .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The concoction goes back to Berman , producer of '' Car Talk , '' who was asked by the network to create a follow-up when the Magliozzi brothers ' automotive advice program reached new heights of popularity in the ' 90s .	The concoction goes back to Berman , producer of '' Car Talk , '' who was asked by the network to create a follow-up when the Magliozzi brothers ' automotive advice program reached new heights of popularity after the ' 90s .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In the British Journal of Sports Medicine in 1997 an article concluded that there appeared to be a higher incidence of injury in users of expensive athletic shoes .	In the British Journal of Sports Medicine before 1998 an article concluded that there appeared to be a higher incidence of injury in users of expensive athletic shoes .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In the British Journal of Sports Medicine in 1997 an article concluded that there appeared to be a higher incidence of injury in users of expensive athletic shoes .	In the British Journal of Sports Medicine after 1997 an article concluded that there appeared to be a higher incidence of injury in users of expensive athletic shoes .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Imran , who captained Pakistan to World Cup success in 1992 , was a member of the national parliament for five years .	Imran , who captained Pakistan to World Cup success before 1993 , was a member of the national parliament for five years .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Imran , who captained Pakistan to World Cup success in 1992 , was a member of the national parliament for five years .	Imran , who captained Pakistan to World Cup success after 1992 , was a member of the national parliament for five years .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nothing good ever happens after midnight , Cindy Comstock said .	Nothing good ever happens at midnight , Cindy Comstock said .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A few miles south of town , an out-of-date sign by the side of the road read , '' Coming in 2005 : The Future Home of L & R Guzman .	A few miles south of town , an out-of-date sign by the side of the road read , '' Coming before 2006 : The Future Home of L & R Guzman .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few miles south of town , an out-of-date sign by the side of the road read , '' Coming in 2005 : The Future Home of L & R Guzman .	A few miles south of town , an out-of-date sign by the side of the road read , '' Coming after 2005 : The Future Home of L & R Guzman .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Jacob Arabov , 43 , pleaded guilty in October to falsifying records and giving false statements as part of a deal with federal prosecutors , who asked U.S. District Judge Avern Cohn to impose a minimum sentence of three years and one month .	Jacob Arabov , 43 , pleaded guilty before november to falsifying records and giving false statements as part of a deal with federal prosecutors , who asked U.S. District Judge Avern Cohn to impose a minimum sentence of three years and one month .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Jacob Arabov , 43 , pleaded guilty in October to falsifying records and giving false statements as part of a deal with federal prosecutors , who asked U.S. District Judge Avern Cohn to impose a minimum sentence of three years and one month .	Jacob Arabov , 43 , pleaded guilty after October to falsifying records and giving false statements as part of a deal with federal prosecutors , who asked U.S. District Judge Avern Cohn to impose a minimum sentence of three years and one month .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 2004 vote-rigger appears to have got his revenge in 2010 ... People can also belong to the Tory Moslem Terrorist Party if they want . ''	The 2004 vote-rigger appears to have got his revenge before 2011 ... People can also belong to the Tory Moslem Terrorist Party if they want . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The 2004 vote-rigger appears to have got his revenge in 2010 ... People can also belong to the Tory Moslem Terrorist Party if they want . ''	The 2004 vote-rigger appears to have got his revenge after 2010 ... People can also belong to the Tory Moslem Terrorist Party if they want . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A seven-year-old has not won the Grand National since 1940 and although it is a very good choice to have , it is also a very hard one , '' said Barnes . ''	A seven-year-old has not won the Grand National since 1942 and although it is a very good choice to have , it is also a very hard one , '' said Barnes . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A seven-year-old has not won the Grand National since 1940 and although it is a very good choice to have , it is also a very hard one , '' said Barnes . ''	A seven-year-old has not won the Grand National before 1940 and although it is a very good choice to have , it is also a very hard one , '' said Barnes . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Contractors have immunity from prosecution under Iraqi law because of a directive issued by American occupation authorities in 2004 .	Contractors have immunity from prosecution under Iraqi law because of a directive issued by American occupation authorities before 2005 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Contractors have immunity from prosecution under Iraqi law because of a directive issued by American occupation authorities in 2004 .	Contractors have immunity from prosecution under Iraqi law because of a directive issued by American occupation authorities after 2004 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And this week , his daughter Mackenzie went on Oprah to tell the world that he had been doing it with her from when she was 19 , up to the time of her abortion 10 years later .	And this week , his daughter Mackenzie went on Oprah to tell the world that he had been doing it with her from when she was 19 , up to the time of her abortion 10 years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Three minutes later Jo peeled away from his marker and got on the end of a cross from Yakubu .	Three minutes time Jo peeled away from his marker and got on the end of a cross from Yakubu .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few weeks later , after attending the Betsey Johnson fashion show at Bryant Park with Ms. Fetter , Mr. Borrok said he preferred not to tell people he had met Laurie at his house , which looks like Tara and has a fireplace salvaged from a Vanderbilt mansion in Newport .	A few weeks time , after attending the Betsey Johnson fashion show at Bryant Park with Ms. Fetter , Mr. Borrok said he preferred not to tell people he had met Laurie at his house , which looks like Tara and has a fireplace salvaged from a Vanderbilt mansion in Newport .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The carrier will suspend daily service from Philadelphia to Milan , Italy ; Brussels , Belgium ; and Zurich , Switzerland , this fall , though the service is expected to return in March 2010 .	The carrier will suspend daily service from Philadelphia to Milan , Italy ; Brussels , Belgium ; and Zurich , Switzerland , this fall , though the service is expected to return before april 2010 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The carrier will suspend daily service from Philadelphia to Milan , Italy ; Brussels , Belgium ; and Zurich , Switzerland , this fall , though the service is expected to return in March 2010 .	The carrier will suspend daily service from Philadelphia to Milan , Italy ; Brussels , Belgium ; and Zurich , Switzerland , this fall , though the service is expected to return after March 2010 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They said that , in the near future , it might be possible to inject such cells into humans to heal damaged organs and tissues .	They said that , after the near future , it might be possible to inject such cells into humans to heal damaged organs and tissues .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The city 's name honors its founder , Adriaen Van der Donck , known in the 17th century as '' Jonkheer '' -LRB- Dutch for '' young gentleman '' -RRB- .	The city 's name honors its founder , Adriaen Van der Donck , known after the 17th century as '' Jonkheer '' -LRB- Dutch for '' young gentleman '' -RRB- .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He attempted only eight first-quarter field goals before Saturday .	He attempted only eight first-quarter field goals at Saturday .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Although deal volume for the year is likely to be down sharply from 2008 , global M & A activity rose 29 per cent in the three months from June to August , compared to the preceding three months .	Although deal volume for the year is likely to be down sharply from 2008 , global M & A activity rose 29 per cent before the three months from july to August , compared to the preceding three months .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Although deal volume for the year is likely to be down sharply from 2008 , global M & A activity rose 29 per cent in the three months from June to August , compared to the preceding three months .	Although deal volume for the year is likely to be down sharply from 2008 , global M & A activity rose 29 per cent after the three months from June to August , compared to the preceding three months .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The new GDP figure - like the old one - marked the weakest quarterly showing since an annualized drop of 6.4 percent in the first quarter of 1982 , when the country was suffering through an intense recession .	The new GDP figure - like the old one - marked the weakest quarterly showing since an annualized drop of 6.4 percent before the first quarter of 1983 , when the country was suffering through an intense recession .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The new GDP figure - like the old one - marked the weakest quarterly showing since an annualized drop of 6.4 percent in the first quarter of 1982 , when the country was suffering through an intense recession .	The new GDP figure - like the old one - marked the weakest quarterly showing since an annualized drop of 6.4 percent after the first quarter of 1982 , when the country was suffering through an intense recession .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Tier I ratio , which measures a bank 's ability to absorb losses , was 7.4 percent at the end of June compared with Fortis 's own target of 6 percent .	Tier I ratio , which measures a bank 's ability to absorb losses , was 7.4 percent before the end of july compared with Fortis 's own target of 6 percent .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Tier I ratio , which measures a bank 's ability to absorb losses , was 7.4 percent at the end of June compared with Fortis 's own target of 6 percent .	Tier I ratio , which measures a bank 's ability to absorb losses , was 7.4 percent after the end of June compared with Fortis 's own target of 6 percent .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Candy brothers , who planned to develop condominiums and a hotel , made headlines in 2007 when they bought the eight-acre parcel for $ 500 million .	The Candy brothers , who planned to develop condominiums and a hotel , made headlines before 2008 when they bought the eight-acre parcel for $ 500 million .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Candy brothers , who planned to develop condominiums and a hotel , made headlines in 2007 when they bought the eight-acre parcel for $ 500 million .	The Candy brothers , who planned to develop condominiums and a hotel , made headlines after 2007 when they bought the eight-acre parcel for $ 500 million .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He was released at 0430 BST on Monday .	He was released before 431 BST on Monday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He was released at 0430 BST on Monday .	He was released after 0430 BST on Monday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Remember that in 2009 's overheated hyper-partisan environment , the last Congress confronted an unprecedented number of death threats .	Remember that before 2010 's overheated hyper-partisan environment , the last Congress confronted an unprecedented number of death threats .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Remember that in 2009 's overheated hyper-partisan environment , the last Congress confronted an unprecedented number of death threats .	Remember that after 2009 's overheated hyper-partisan environment , the last Congress confronted an unprecedented number of death threats .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Since its launch last November , the index has seen investment inflows of around 2 million euros -LRB- $ 2.7 million -RRB- , and consists of 4498 bottles at present , the spokesman said .	Since its launch last November , the index has seen investment inflows of around 2 million euros -LRB- $ 2.7 million -RRB- , and consists of 4498 bottles after present , the spokesman said .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	• Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , 52 , a target of criticism in December over the administration 's public response to the attempted bombing on a Detroit , Michigan-bound airliner .	• Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , 52 , a target of criticism before january over the administration 's public response to the attempted bombing on a Detroit , Michigan-bound airliner .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	• Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , 52 , a target of criticism in December over the administration 's public response to the attempted bombing on a Detroit , Michigan-bound airliner .	• Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , 52 , a target of criticism after December over the administration 's public response to the attempted bombing on a Detroit , Michigan-bound airliner .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sheriff 's officials said the inmate suspected of sending the letter with the substance is Marc Harold Ramsey , 39 , who has been incarcerated since Sept .	Sheriff 's officials said the inmate suspected of sending the letter with the substance is Marc Harold Ramsey , 39 , who has been incarcerated before Sept .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Tehran blamed London , Washington and Berlin for backing elements of the opposition movement that grew out of contested presidential elections in June .	Tehran blamed London , Washington and Berlin for backing elements of the opposition movement that grew out of contested presidential elections before july .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Tehran blamed London , Washington and Berlin for backing elements of the opposition movement that grew out of contested presidential elections in June .	Tehran blamed London , Washington and Berlin for backing elements of the opposition movement that grew out of contested presidential elections after June .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The conflict has killed an estimated 70,000 people since 1983 .	The conflict has killed an estimated 70,000 people since 1985 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The conflict has killed an estimated 70,000 people since 1983 .	The conflict has killed an estimated 70,000 people before 1983 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Pedrosa posted the best lap in Friday 's rain-drenched practice , then returned for Saturday morning 's practice and knocked more than 11 seconds off his previous best to post a the best lap in 1 : 40.271 in dry conditions .	Pedrosa posted the best lap after Friday 's rain-drenched practice , then returned for Saturday morning 's practice and knocked more than 11 seconds off his previous best to post a the best lap in 1 : 40.271 in dry conditions .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He was asked at a news conference Wednesday with British Prime Minister Gordon Brown whether he had a '' good luck message '' for the team from England , which is playing Ukraine later in the day in a World Cup qualifying match .	He was asked at a news conference Wednesday with British Prime Minister Gordon Brown whether he had a '' good luck message '' for the team from England , which is playing Ukraine later after the day in a World Cup qualifying match .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	This has led to delays for many foreigners visiting China , including the mayor of New Orleans Clarence Ray Nagin , who in June was put into quarantine in Shanghai while on a business trip .	This has led to delays for many foreigners visiting China , including the mayor of New Orleans Clarence Ray Nagin , who before july was put into quarantine in Shanghai while on a business trip .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This has led to delays for many foreigners visiting China , including the mayor of New Orleans Clarence Ray Nagin , who in June was put into quarantine in Shanghai while on a business trip .	This has led to delays for many foreigners visiting China , including the mayor of New Orleans Clarence Ray Nagin , who after June was put into quarantine in Shanghai while on a business trip .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Moore was then given various administrative posts -LRB- the Royal College of Music and the NCOs ' school -RRB- before , in 1957 , being charged with 45 Commando to contain the Eoka terrorists on Cyprus .	Moore was then given various administrative posts -LRB- the Royal College of Music and the NCOs ' school -RRB- before , before 1958 , being charged with 45 Commando to contain the Eoka terrorists on Cyprus .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Moore was then given various administrative posts -LRB- the Royal College of Music and the NCOs ' school -RRB- before , in 1957 , being charged with 45 Commando to contain the Eoka terrorists on Cyprus .	Moore was then given various administrative posts -LRB- the Royal College of Music and the NCOs ' school -RRB- before , after 1957 , being charged with 45 Commando to contain the Eoka terrorists on Cyprus .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	To this day it is still unknown who was behind the plane crash that killed General Zia in 1988 , enabling the elections by which Bhutto first came to power .	To this day it is still unknown who was behind the plane crash that killed General Zia before 1989 , enabling the elections by which Bhutto first came to power .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	To this day it is still unknown who was behind the plane crash that killed General Zia in 1988 , enabling the elections by which Bhutto first came to power .	To this day it is still unknown who was behind the plane crash that killed General Zia after 1988 , enabling the elections by which Bhutto first came to power .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But in 2005 , Serdar Bilgili , a developer and former Besiktas soccer club president , bought the complex and transformed it into one of Istanbul 's trendiest areas , with upscale apartments , international boutiques and elegant cafes .	But before 2006 , Serdar Bilgili , a developer and former Besiktas soccer club president , bought the complex and transformed it into one of Istanbul 's trendiest areas , with upscale apartments , international boutiques and elegant cafes .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But in 2005 , Serdar Bilgili , a developer and former Besiktas soccer club president , bought the complex and transformed it into one of Istanbul 's trendiest areas , with upscale apartments , international boutiques and elegant cafes .	But after 2005 , Serdar Bilgili , a developer and former Besiktas soccer club president , bought the complex and transformed it into one of Istanbul 's trendiest areas , with upscale apartments , international boutiques and elegant cafes .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	IDL is a subsidiary of HSN , an operating business of IAC , and was founded in 1991 by its president , Joy Mangano .	IDL is a subsidiary of HSN , an operating business of IAC , and was founded before 1992 by its president , Joy Mangano .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	IDL is a subsidiary of HSN , an operating business of IAC , and was founded in 1991 by its president , Joy Mangano .	IDL is a subsidiary of HSN , an operating business of IAC , and was founded after 1991 by its president , Joy Mangano .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Giggs , who retired from international football in June , amassed 64 caps over 16 years playing for his country .	Giggs , who retired from international football before july , amassed 64 caps over 16 years playing for his country .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Giggs , who retired from international football in June , amassed 64 caps over 16 years playing for his country .	Giggs , who retired from international football after June , amassed 64 caps over 16 years playing for his country .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Crichton died unexpectedly of cancer aged 66 in November , 2008 .	Crichton died unexpectedly of cancer aged 66 before december , 2008 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Crichton died unexpectedly of cancer aged 66 in November , 2008 .	Crichton died unexpectedly of cancer aged 66 after November , 2008 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Americans from more than a dozen towns called Springfield competed to have their city declared the home of these beloved cartoon characters and to host the premiere of The Simpsons Movie in the summer of 2007 . ''	Americans from more than a dozen towns called Springfield competed to have their city declared the home of these beloved cartoon characters and to host the premiere of The Simpsons Movie before the autumn of 2007 . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Americans from more than a dozen towns called Springfield competed to have their city declared the home of these beloved cartoon characters and to host the premiere of The Simpsons Movie in the summer of 2007 . ''	Americans from more than a dozen towns called Springfield competed to have their city declared the home of these beloved cartoon characters and to host the premiere of The Simpsons Movie after the summer of 2007 . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The summit 's going to be very beneficial and would basically lay the groundwork for the opening up of the North Korean economy , '' said McAskill , who has been dealing with the country since the 1980s .	The summit 's going to be very beneficial and would basically lay the groundwork for the opening up of the North Korean economy , '' said McAskill , who has been dealing with the country before the 1980s .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The company added that organic growth in 2008 would slow because of an expected decline in Irish and Spanish construction .	The company added that organic growth before 2009 would slow because of an expected decline in Irish and Spanish construction .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The company added that organic growth in 2008 would slow because of an expected decline in Irish and Spanish construction .	The company added that organic growth after 2008 would slow because of an expected decline in Irish and Spanish construction .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Contestants will once again be put through mental and physical challenges as ITV brings back the show in January .	Contestants will once again be put through mental and physical challenges as ITV brings back the show before february .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Contestants will once again be put through mental and physical challenges as ITV brings back the show in January .	Contestants will once again be put through mental and physical challenges as ITV brings back the show after January .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She has had disastrous relationships in the past .	She has had disastrous relationships after the past .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Kasparov and dozens of other demonstrators were detained hours earlier after riot police clashed with Kremlin opponents following a protest rally that drew several thousand people .	Kasparov and dozens of other demonstrators were detained hours time after riot police clashed with Kremlin opponents following a protest rally that drew several thousand people .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Adam Dylan Leon is accused of stealing a single-engine Cessna 172 from his Ontario flight school Monday and flying erratically over three states before landing more than seven hours later on a desolate stretch of highway .	Adam Dylan Leon is accused of stealing a single-engine Cessna 172 from his Ontario flight school Monday and flying erratically over three states before landing more than seven hours time on a desolate stretch of highway .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	There is a lot of winter left between now and April , '' he told the WHO meeting .	There is a lot of winter left between now and march , '' he told the WHO meeting .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	There is a lot of winter left between now and April , '' he told the WHO meeting .	There is a lot of winter left between now and may , '' he told the WHO meeting .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The prince and the Duchess of Cornwall are due to visit a hospital , a hospice , inspect a cadet force and meet rugby players later in the week . ''	The prince and the Duchess of Cornwall are due to visit a hospital , a hospice , inspect a cadet force and meet rugby players later after the week . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The national sector , which had been powering along right up to a record year for production in 2007 , has locked up its brakes under the crisis .	The national sector , which had been powering along right up to a record year for production before 2008 , has locked up its brakes under the crisis .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The national sector , which had been powering along right up to a record year for production in 2007 , has locked up its brakes under the crisis .	The national sector , which had been powering along right up to a record year for production after 2007 , has locked up its brakes under the crisis .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Arsenal is also attempting to redevelop a site near its new Emirates Stadium , Queensland Road , into flats and offices , for which it gained planning permission in July .	Arsenal is also attempting to redevelop a site near its new Emirates Stadium , Queensland Road , into flats and offices , for which it gained planning permission before august .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Arsenal is also attempting to redevelop a site near its new Emirates Stadium , Queensland Road , into flats and offices , for which it gained planning permission in July .	Arsenal is also attempting to redevelop a site near its new Emirates Stadium , Queensland Road , into flats and offices , for which it gained planning permission after July .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The females , Colliet and Midgee , have given birth to 12 offspring since 1999 .	The females , Colliet and Midgee , have given birth to 12 offspring since 2001 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The females , Colliet and Midgee , have given birth to 12 offspring since 1999 .	The females , Colliet and Midgee , have given birth to 12 offspring before 1999 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 28-year-old sprint specialist was barred from the Tour by its organisers , the Amaury Sports Organisation -LRB- ASO -RRB- , following his positive test for cocaine in April , even though the test was taken outside the sporting calendar .	The 28-year-old sprint specialist was barred from the Tour by its organisers , the Amaury Sports Organisation -LRB- ASO -RRB- , following his positive test for cocaine before may , even though the test was taken outside the sporting calendar .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The 28-year-old sprint specialist was barred from the Tour by its organisers , the Amaury Sports Organisation -LRB- ASO -RRB- , following his positive test for cocaine in April , even though the test was taken outside the sporting calendar .	The 28-year-old sprint specialist was barred from the Tour by its organisers , the Amaury Sports Organisation -LRB- ASO -RRB- , following his positive test for cocaine after April , even though the test was taken outside the sporting calendar .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The flights were eliminated after the Bush administration tightened restrictions in 2004 .	The flights were eliminated after the Bush administration tightened restrictions before 2005 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The flights were eliminated after the Bush administration tightened restrictions in 2004 .	The flights were eliminated after the Bush administration tightened restrictions after 2004 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	England was originally supposed to play Zimbabwe , but when they were stripped of test match status in January , 2006 Sri Lanka was asked to step in .	England was originally supposed to play Zimbabwe , but when they were stripped of test match status before february , 2006 Sri Lanka was asked to step in .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	England was originally supposed to play Zimbabwe , but when they were stripped of test match status in January , 2006 Sri Lanka was asked to step in .	England was originally supposed to play Zimbabwe , but when they were stripped of test match status after January , 2006 Sri Lanka was asked to step in .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The owners could file for bankruptcy , but most players and coaches who were not paid salaries or roster bonus money in 2009 are looking to recoup that cash , according to Richard Berthelsen of the NFL Players Association .	The owners could file for bankruptcy , but most players and coaches who were not paid salaries or roster bonus money before 2010 are looking to recoup that cash , according to Richard Berthelsen of the NFL Players Association .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The owners could file for bankruptcy , but most players and coaches who were not paid salaries or roster bonus money in 2009 are looking to recoup that cash , according to Richard Berthelsen of the NFL Players Association .	The owners could file for bankruptcy , but most players and coaches who were not paid salaries or roster bonus money after 2009 are looking to recoup that cash , according to Richard Berthelsen of the NFL Players Association .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The American entanglement in Iraq has receded as a campaign issue in the past few months , partly because the number of American casualties has declined since last year .	The American entanglement in Iraq has receded as a campaign issue in the past few months , partly because the number of American casualties has declined before last year .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	British officials acknowledged placing Abdulmutallab 's name on a U.K. watch list after he was refused a student visa in May .	British officials acknowledged placing Abdulmutallab 's name on a U.K. watch list after he was refused a student visa before june .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	British officials acknowledged placing Abdulmutallab 's name on a U.K. watch list after he was refused a student visa in May .	British officials acknowledged placing Abdulmutallab 's name on a U.K. watch list after he was refused a student visa after May .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	More than a million Congolese have been displaced over the past three years , and since 1998 wars have killed more than five million .	More than a million Congolese have been displaced over the past three years , and since 2000 wars have killed more than five million .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	More than a million Congolese have been displaced over the past three years , and since 1998 wars have killed more than five million .	More than a million Congolese have been displaced over the past three years , and before 1998 wars have killed more than five million .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But with winds not forecast to weaken before evening , '' we are keeping all our assets on the scene , '' including nearly 500 firefighters -- backed up by water dropping planes -- spread over eight kilometres -LRB- five miles -RRB- .	But with winds not forecast to weaken at evening , '' we are keeping all our assets on the scene , '' including nearly 500 firefighters -- backed up by water dropping planes -- spread over eight kilometres -LRB- five miles -RRB- .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Emergency services were called to the scene on Russell Drive at about 2345 GMT on Sunday .	Emergency services were called to the scene on Russell Drive before about 2346 GMT on Sunday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Emergency services were called to the scene on Russell Drive at about 2345 GMT on Sunday .	Emergency services were called to the scene on Russell Drive after about 2345 GMT on Sunday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	That number has been growing lately , as the tough economy has led to increased participation in the program at every grade level since 2005 , according to the School Nutrition Association -LRB- SNA -RRB- , a national organization based at National Harbor .	That number has been growing lately , as the tough economy has led to increased participation in the program at every grade level since 2007 , according to the School Nutrition Association -LRB- SNA -RRB- , a national organization based at National Harbor .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That number has been growing lately , as the tough economy has led to increased participation in the program at every grade level since 2005 , according to the School Nutrition Association -LRB- SNA -RRB- , a national organization based at National Harbor .	That number has been growing lately , as the tough economy has led to increased participation in the program at every grade level before 2005 , according to the School Nutrition Association -LRB- SNA -RRB- , a national organization based at National Harbor .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	And Korean automaker Hyundai said it sold 60,467 vehicles in August in the U.S. , up 47 % compared to a year ago .	And Korean automaker Hyundai said it sold 60,467 vehicles before september in the U.S. , up 47 % compared to a year ago .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And Korean automaker Hyundai said it sold 60,467 vehicles in August in the U.S. , up 47 % compared to a year ago .	And Korean automaker Hyundai said it sold 60,467 vehicles after August in the U.S. , up 47 % compared to a year ago .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	After Labour 's electoral drubbing in June , could it face a similar fate ?	After Labour 's electoral drubbing before july , could it face a similar fate ?	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	After Labour 's electoral drubbing in June , could it face a similar fate ?	After Labour 's electoral drubbing after June , could it face a similar fate ?	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Retail stocks have had a strong run in the past month as some retailers raised earnings estimates and reported better-than-expected fourth-quarter results .	Retail stocks have had a strong run after the past month as some retailers raised earnings estimates and reported better-than-expected fourth-quarter results .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He was also a regular guest on Seven 's daytime entertainment programme Time For Terry in 1965 .	He was also a regular guest on Seven 's daytime entertainment programme Time For Terry before 1966 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He was also a regular guest on Seven 's daytime entertainment programme Time For Terry in 1965 .	He was also a regular guest on Seven 's daytime entertainment programme Time For Terry after 1965 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Afterward , the local media , including one reporter from Houston , surrounded Niña Dioz , who 's next slated to appear in May at Mexico City 's largest alternative music fest , Vive Latino .	Afterward , the local media , including one reporter from Houston , surrounded Niña Dioz , who 's next slated to appear before june at Mexico City 's largest alternative music fest , Vive Latino .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Afterward , the local media , including one reporter from Houston , surrounded Niña Dioz , who 's next slated to appear in May at Mexico City 's largest alternative music fest , Vive Latino .	Afterward , the local media , including one reporter from Houston , surrounded Niña Dioz , who 's next slated to appear after May at Mexico City 's largest alternative music fest , Vive Latino .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Back in 1988 , the elder George Bush used the infamous Willie Horton case to brand Michael Dukakis , his Democratic presidential opponent , soft on crime .	Back before 1989 , the elder George Bush used the infamous Willie Horton case to brand Michael Dukakis , his Democratic presidential opponent , soft on crime .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Back in 1988 , the elder George Bush used the infamous Willie Horton case to brand Michael Dukakis , his Democratic presidential opponent , soft on crime .	Back after 1988 , the elder George Bush used the infamous Willie Horton case to brand Michael Dukakis , his Democratic presidential opponent , soft on crime .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Slowly but surely the stage will be set for Fed policy rate hikes '' but the risks to financial stability from keeping rates too low for too long would still likely elicit a tightening shift before year-end , said Michael Gregory , a senior economist at BMO Capital Markets . ''	Slowly but surely the stage will be set for Fed policy rate hikes '' but the risks to financial stability from keeping rates too low for too long would still likely elicit a tightening shift at year-end , said Michael Gregory , a senior economist at BMO Capital Markets . ''	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Sears Tower first opened in 1973 , designed by the architecture firm Skidmore , Owings and Merrill -- the same firm that designed the city 's John Hancock Tower .	Sears Tower first opened before 1974 , designed by the architecture firm Skidmore , Owings and Merrill -- the same firm that designed the city 's John Hancock Tower .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sears Tower first opened in 1973 , designed by the architecture firm Skidmore , Owings and Merrill -- the same firm that designed the city 's John Hancock Tower .	Sears Tower first opened after 1973 , designed by the architecture firm Skidmore , Owings and Merrill -- the same firm that designed the city 's John Hancock Tower .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The lifeguards paused before dawn Tuesday as they watched over the eerily still outdoor pool , where , at that hour , Roll would often have the lanes to himself .	The lifeguards paused at dawn Tuesday as they watched over the eerily still outdoor pool , where , at that hour , Roll would often have the lanes to himself .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Some fear it could encourage younger Tibetans to adopt violent tactics , despite the Dalai Lama 's opposition , which earned him the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 .	Some fear it could encourage younger Tibetans to adopt violent tactics , despite the Dalai Lama 's opposition , which earned him the Nobel Peace Prize before 1990 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Some fear it could encourage younger Tibetans to adopt violent tactics , despite the Dalai Lama 's opposition , which earned him the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 .	Some fear it could encourage younger Tibetans to adopt violent tactics , despite the Dalai Lama 's opposition , which earned him the Nobel Peace Prize after 1989 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He confirmed that preliminary meetings with families would be held within the next week or two , and that the inquiry 's formal hearings would probably begin in late November .	He confirmed that preliminary meetings with families would be held within the next week or two , and that the inquiry 's formal hearings would probably begin before late december .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He confirmed that preliminary meetings with families would be held within the next week or two , and that the inquiry 's formal hearings would probably begin in late November .	He confirmed that preliminary meetings with families would be held within the next week or two , and that the inquiry 's formal hearings would probably begin after late November .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The last comprehensive reauthorization of the SBIR program occurred in 2000 , when the program was reauthorized for eight years , scheduled to sunset on September 30 , 2008 .	The last comprehensive reauthorization of the SBIR program occurred before 2001 , when the program was reauthorized for eight years , scheduled to sunset on September 30 , 2008 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The last comprehensive reauthorization of the SBIR program occurred in 2000 , when the program was reauthorized for eight years , scheduled to sunset on September 30 , 2008 .	The last comprehensive reauthorization of the SBIR program occurred after 2000 , when the program was reauthorized for eight years , scheduled to sunset on September 30 , 2008 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The work of the young Turner caught his eye at the Royal Academy 's annual exhibition and he commissioned him to paint a country house portrait in 1809 .	The work of the young Turner caught his eye at the Royal Academy 's annual exhibition and he commissioned him to paint a country house portrait before 1810 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The work of the young Turner caught his eye at the Royal Academy 's annual exhibition and he commissioned him to paint a country house portrait in 1809 .	The work of the young Turner caught his eye at the Royal Academy 's annual exhibition and he commissioned him to paint a country house portrait after 1809 .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Prior to becoming a publicly traded company in November of 2006 , AdCare operated as a private company for 18 years .	Prior to becoming a publicly traded company before december of 2006 , AdCare operated as a private company for 18 years .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Prior to becoming a publicly traded company in November of 2006 , AdCare operated as a private company for 18 years .	Prior to becoming a publicly traded company after November of 2006 , AdCare operated as a private company for 18 years .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	We 've seen demand growing at little more than one percent per annum , halving the rate of demand growth between 2004 and 2005 , halving again between 2005 and 2006 , and staying below one percent both last year and it will in our view in 2008 as well .	We 've seen demand growing at little more than one percent per annum , halving the rate of demand growth between 2003 and 2005 , halving again between 2005 and 2006 , and staying below one percent both last year and it will in our view in 2008 as well .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	We 've seen demand growing at little more than one percent per annum , halving the rate of demand growth between 2004 and 2005 , halving again between 2005 and 2006 , and staying below one percent both last year and it will in our view in 2008 as well .	We 've seen demand growing at little more than one percent per annum , halving the rate of demand growth between 2005 and 2005 , halving again between 2005 and 2006 , and staying below one percent both last year and it will in our view in 2008 as well .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The violence in March broke out after police moved in to clear thousands of protesters who had rallied for 11 days to protest Sarkisian 's victory over Ter-Petrosian in the February 19 presidential election .	The violence before april broke out after police moved in to clear thousands of protesters who had rallied for 11 days to protest Sarkisian 's victory over Ter-Petrosian in the February 19 presidential election .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The violence in March broke out after police moved in to clear thousands of protesters who had rallied for 11 days to protest Sarkisian 's victory over Ter-Petrosian in the February 19 presidential election .	The violence after March broke out after police moved in to clear thousands of protesters who had rallied for 11 days to protest Sarkisian 's victory over Ter-Petrosian in the February 19 presidential election .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Under the proposals for the controversial scheme , anyone holding an ID card in the future will be required to notify the National Identity Register of changes to the personal data it holds .	Under the proposals for the controversial scheme , anyone holding an ID card after the future will be required to notify the National Identity Register of changes to the personal data it holds .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Among the most eye-catching was the Gay News trial for blasphemy in 1977 , which arose after Mary Whitehouse brought a private prosecution against the magazine over James Kirkup 's poem The Love That Dares To Speak Its Name . ''	Among the most eye-catching was the Gay News trial for blasphemy before 1978 , which arose after Mary Whitehouse brought a private prosecution against the magazine over James Kirkup 's poem The Love That Dares To Speak Its Name . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Among the most eye-catching was the Gay News trial for blasphemy in 1977 , which arose after Mary Whitehouse brought a private prosecution against the magazine over James Kirkup 's poem The Love That Dares To Speak Its Name . ''	Among the most eye-catching was the Gay News trial for blasphemy after 1977 , which arose after Mary Whitehouse brought a private prosecution against the magazine over James Kirkup 's poem The Love That Dares To Speak Its Name . ''	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	There are established protocols for how -LRB- Iraqi forces -RRB- might ask for that , but we have not been asked for combat forces , '' Jacoby told a small group of reporters at the weekend .	There are established protocols for how -LRB- Iraqi forces -RRB- might ask for that , but we have not been asked for combat forces , '' Jacoby told a small group of reporters after the weekend .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Owen Spencer caught three passes for 74 yards , scoring on Wilson 's 20-yard , second-quarter pass , while Toney Baker was held to 47 yards on 10 carries for the Wolfpack -LRB- 4-7 , 1-6 -RRB- , who have lost six of seven before next week 's season finale against archrival North Carolina .	Owen Spencer caught three passes for 74 yards , scoring on Wilson 's 20-yard , second-quarter pass , while Toney Baker was held to 47 yards on 10 carries for the Wolfpack -LRB- 4-7 , 1-6 -RRB- , who have lost six of seven at next week 's season finale against archrival North Carolina .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Blair warned in July 2008 that his post as commissioner was becoming increasingly politicised and that plans by Johnson to take more control could ultimately be damaging .	Blair warned before august 2008 that his post as commissioner was becoming increasingly politicised and that plans by Johnson to take more control could ultimately be damaging .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Blair warned in July 2008 that his post as commissioner was becoming increasingly politicised and that plans by Johnson to take more control could ultimately be damaging .	Blair warned after July 2008 that his post as commissioner was becoming increasingly politicised and that plans by Johnson to take more control could ultimately be damaging .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The revised loss estimate , nearly double the previous forecast issued in December , reflects '' the rapid deterioration of the global economic conditions , '' said the International Air Transport Association .	The revised loss estimate , nearly double the previous forecast issued before january , reflects '' the rapid deterioration of the global economic conditions , '' said the International Air Transport Association .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The revised loss estimate , nearly double the previous forecast issued in December , reflects '' the rapid deterioration of the global economic conditions , '' said the International Air Transport Association .	The revised loss estimate , nearly double the previous forecast issued after December , reflects '' the rapid deterioration of the global economic conditions , '' said the International Air Transport Association .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In addition , the spokesman said officials would be checking the details of people who registered a potential liability earlier in the year but did not subsequently make a payment .	In addition , the spokesman said officials would be checking the details of people who registered a potential liability earlier after the year but did not subsequently make a payment .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But while there will be a new president in January , some of the country 's chief concerns probably continue along .	But while there will be a new president before february , some of the country 's chief concerns probably continue along .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But while there will be a new president in January , some of the country 's chief concerns probably continue along .	But while there will be a new president after January , some of the country 's chief concerns probably continue along .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The administration in February rejected Chrysler 's restructuring plan and gave the Auburn Hills , Mich .	The administration before march rejected Chrysler 's restructuring plan and gave the Auburn Hills , Mich .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The administration in February rejected Chrysler 's restructuring plan and gave the Auburn Hills , Mich .	The administration after February rejected Chrysler 's restructuring plan and gave the Auburn Hills , Mich .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The arrival of Tony Hall as chief executive in 2001 , and Antonio Pappano as music director a year later , was the company 's final throw of the dice .	The arrival of Tony Hall as chief executive before 2002 , and Antonio Pappano as music director a year later , was the company 's final throw of the dice .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The arrival of Tony Hall as chief executive in 2001 , and Antonio Pappano as music director a year later , was the company 's final throw of the dice .	The arrival of Tony Hall as chief executive after 2001 , and Antonio Pappano as music director a year later , was the company 's final throw of the dice .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The General Assembly took no action in 2007 on a similar trans fat proposal and rejected a bill last year to require labeling products from cloned animals .	The General Assembly took no action before 2008 on a similar trans fat proposal and rejected a bill last year to require labeling products from cloned animals .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The General Assembly took no action in 2007 on a similar trans fat proposal and rejected a bill last year to require labeling products from cloned animals .	The General Assembly took no action after 2007 on a similar trans fat proposal and rejected a bill last year to require labeling products from cloned animals .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The SPLM joined the unity government in 2005 as part of a peace deal ending a two-decade civil war .	The SPLM joined the unity government before 2006 as part of a peace deal ending a two-decade civil war .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The SPLM joined the unity government in 2005 as part of a peace deal ending a two-decade civil war .	The SPLM joined the unity government after 2005 as part of a peace deal ending a two-decade civil war .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The report , citing the investigation , said the arrest a day earlier of a ministry official came as prosecutors were trying to determine whether the ministry was being systematically involved in the postal system abuse .	The report , citing the investigation , said the arrest a day time of a ministry official came as prosecutors were trying to determine whether the ministry was being systematically involved in the postal system abuse .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But Turkish voters were preoccupied with more-domestic concerns : their economy contracted 6.2 percent in the last quarter of 2008 alone .	But Turkish voters were preoccupied with more-domestic concerns : their economy contracted 6.2 percent before the last quarter of 2009 alone .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But Turkish voters were preoccupied with more-domestic concerns : their economy contracted 6.2 percent in the last quarter of 2008 alone .	But Turkish voters were preoccupied with more-domestic concerns : their economy contracted 6.2 percent after the last quarter of 2008 alone .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The charge was dismissed for the first time in April 2005 at the request of state prosecutors , who said they did not have enough evidence to convict Wilson .	The charge was dismissed for the first time before may 2005 at the request of state prosecutors , who said they did not have enough evidence to convict Wilson .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The charge was dismissed for the first time in April 2005 at the request of state prosecutors , who said they did not have enough evidence to convict Wilson .	The charge was dismissed for the first time after April 2005 at the request of state prosecutors , who said they did not have enough evidence to convict Wilson .	#promptID#	in	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	MIAMI -LRB- AP -RRB- - With his plan for winning the GOP presidential nomination riding largely on a Florida victory at the end of the month , Rudy Giuliani asked an evangelical congregation for prayers instead of votes Sunday and quoted scripture to evoke a message of hope and perseverance .	MIAMI -LRB- AP -RRB- - With his plan for winning the GOP presidential nomination riding largely on a Florida victory after the end of the month , Rudy Giuliani asked an evangelical congregation for prayers instead of votes Sunday and quoted scripture to evoke a message of hope and perseverance .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Singer Boy George has said Culture Club may re-form in 2011 to mark his former band 's formation three decades ago . ''	Singer Boy George has said Culture Club may re-form before 2012 to mark his former band 's formation three decades ago . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Coles earned a few votes Sunday when he turned in his most productive game since last October and silenced critics who felt he had not fully embraced Brett Favre .	Coles earned a few votes Sunday when he turned in his most productive game since last december and silenced critics who felt he had not fully embraced Brett Favre .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Coles earned a few votes Sunday when he turned in his most productive game since last October and silenced critics who felt he had not fully embraced Brett Favre .	Coles earned a few votes Sunday when he turned in his most productive game before last October and silenced critics who felt he had not fully embraced Brett Favre .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	And in April 2002 '' Andrew and officer B '' informed Mr Belmar that he would be returning to England in seven days ' time .	And before may 2002 '' Andrew and officer B '' informed Mr Belmar that he would be returning to England in seven days ' time .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Sinopec , another state-owned oil company , finalised China 's most costly overseas oil and gas acquisition in August with the $ 7.2 bn purchase of Addax , a producer with operations in Nigeria , Gabon and Iraq .	Sinopec , another state-owned oil company , finalised China 's most costly overseas oil and gas acquisition before september with the $ 7.2 bn purchase of Addax , a producer with operations in Nigeria , Gabon and Iraq .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	As we saw the last time these sides contested a second Test , at Adelaide in December 2006 , even the deepest foundations -- and they don ' t come much deeper than 551 for 6 declared -- can soon be betrayed by the blokes on the scaffolding .	As we saw the last time these sides contested a second Test , at Adelaide before january 2006 , even the deepest foundations -- and they don ' t come much deeper than 551 for 6 declared -- can soon be betrayed by the blokes on the scaffolding .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Model Anna Nicole Smith 's boyfriend and two of her doctors were charged with repeatedly supplying the former Playboy centerfold with addictive prescription drugs since 2004 , nearly three years before she died of an overdose , authorities said .	Model Anna Nicole Smith 's boyfriend and two of her doctors were charged with repeatedly supplying the former Playboy centerfold with addictive prescription drugs since 2006 , nearly three years before she died of an overdose , authorities said .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Model Anna Nicole Smith 's boyfriend and two of her doctors were charged with repeatedly supplying the former Playboy centerfold with addictive prescription drugs since 2004 , nearly three years before she died of an overdose , authorities said .	Model Anna Nicole Smith 's boyfriend and two of her doctors were charged with repeatedly supplying the former Playboy centerfold with addictive prescription drugs before 2004 , nearly three years before she died of an overdose , authorities said .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Many at Saturday 's event appeared to have come just to see Winfrey .	Many after Saturday 's event appeared to have come just to see Winfrey .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	YouTube , owned by the wildly profitable Google -LRB- profits in 2008 : £ 3 billion -RRB- , this week walked out of negotiations to pay royalties to songwriters in Britain .	YouTube , owned by the wildly profitable Google -LRB- profits before 2009 : £ 3 billion -RRB- , this week walked out of negotiations to pay royalties to songwriters in Britain .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Twenty-two million more young people voted in 2008 than in 2004 .	Twenty-two million more young people voted before 2009 than in 2004 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Meanwhile , disputes erupted in January 2008 between Moscow and London over alleged harassment by Federal Security Service officials and British Council staff as part of ongoing diplomatic tensions between London and Moscow concerning the death of former KGB officer Alexander Litvinenko , who died in London in November 2006 from polonium-210 poisoning . ''	Meanwhile , disputes erupted before february 2008 between Moscow and London over alleged harassment by Federal Security Service officials and British Council staff as part of ongoing diplomatic tensions between London and Moscow concerning the death of former KGB officer Alexander Litvinenko , who died in London in November 2006 from polonium-210 poisoning . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Nationwide said that this month 's interest rate cut should help the market recover somewhat later in 2008 .	Nationwide said that this month 's interest rate cut should help the market recover somewhat later before 2009 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	She relocated to Oregon in 2003 with her American husband .	She relocated to Oregon before 2004 with her American husband .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	But double-digit unemployment rates , despite some improvement in November to 10 percent from 10.2 percent , will keep many buyers inactive .	But double-digit unemployment rates , despite some improvement before december to 10 percent from 10.2 percent , will keep many buyers inactive .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Jones was arrested on two felony counts of coercion in June after dropping an appeal of his NFL punishment .	Jones was arrested on two felony counts of coercion before july after dropping an appeal of his NFL punishment .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A tour by the taekwondo masters last year was canceled at the eleventh hour when the U.S. refused to issue travel visas for the troupe , presumably because North Korea had just tested a nuclear bomb .	A tour by the taekwondo masters last year was canceled after the eleventh hour when the U.S. refused to issue travel visas for the troupe , presumably because North Korea had just tested a nuclear bomb .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Operating profits at Jordans rose 41 per cent to more than £ 5 million in 2007 . ''	Operating profits at Jordans rose 41 per cent to more than £ 5 million before 2008 . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	A document , used since 2005 , warns police officers could be pulled into the water themselves .	A document , used since 2007 , warns police officers could be pulled into the water themselves .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A document , used since 2005 , warns police officers could be pulled into the water themselves .	A document , used before 2005 , warns police officers could be pulled into the water themselves .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A survey in 2008 carried out by Saga found that one in ten sexually active over-50s did not use contraception and did not know a partner 's sexual history . ''	A survey before 2009 carried out by Saga found that one in ten sexually active over-50s did not use contraception and did not know a partner 's sexual history . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Robert Gates , the US defence secretary , announced the move after visiting Afghanistan and concluding that Gen McKiernan , who commanded US land forces during the Iraq invasion in 2003 , should be replaced after less than a year in his post as head of Nato 's International Security Assistance Force -LRB- ISAF -RRB- .	Robert Gates , the US defence secretary , announced the move after visiting Afghanistan and concluding that Gen McKiernan , who commanded US land forces during the Iraq invasion before 2004 , should be replaced after less than a year in his post as head of Nato 's International Security Assistance Force -LRB- ISAF -RRB- .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Despite the curbs , spending on factories , real estate and other fixed urban assets totaled 812 billion yuan -LRB- $ 114 billion -RRB- in January and February , the statistics bureau reported .	Despite the curbs , spending on factories , real estate and other fixed urban assets totaled 812 billion yuan -LRB- $ 114 billion -RRB- before february and February , the statistics bureau reported .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	He beat Federer , Nadal and Andy Roddick in one tournament in Montreal , becoming the first player since 1994 to beat the top three players in the world in a row .	He beat Federer , Nadal and Andy Roddick in one tournament in Montreal , becoming the first player since 1996 to beat the top three players in the world in a row .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He beat Federer , Nadal and Andy Roddick in one tournament in Montreal , becoming the first player since 1994 to beat the top three players in the world in a row .	He beat Federer , Nadal and Andy Roddick in one tournament in Montreal , becoming the first player before 1994 to beat the top three players in the world in a row .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He built the Griffin in summer 1679 to supply camps and shipyards along the Great Lakes from which he could outfit parties to explore the Illinois and Mississippi rivers .	He built the Griffin before autumn 1679 to supply camps and shipyards along the Great Lakes from which he could outfit parties to explore the Illinois and Mississippi rivers .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Then three minutes later the Senegal striker had another chance to score against his former team-mates when he failed to react in time to divert Joey O ` Brien 's far post header into the Liverpool net from close range .	Then three minutes time the Senegal striker had another chance to score against his former team-mates when he failed to react in time to divert Joey O ` Brien 's far post header into the Liverpool net from close range .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Oil fell from record peaks of more than $ 147 in July to about $ 32 in December as demand dropped off due to the global economic crisis , but prices have since risen gradually .	Oil fell from record peaks of more than $ 147 before august to about $ 32 in December as demand dropped off due to the global economic crisis , but prices have since risen gradually .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	CBS filed court papers yesterday seeking the dismissal of a lawsuit by Dan Rather , who says that the network violated his contract by giving him too little to do after it forced him off the evening news in 2005 and that its investigation of the news segment about President Bush 's National Guard service was politically biased .	CBS filed court papers yesterday seeking the dismissal of a lawsuit by Dan Rather , who says that the network violated his contract by giving him too little to do after it forced him off the evening news before 2006 and that its investigation of the news segment about President Bush 's National Guard service was politically biased .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mrs Grant joined the Tories after resigning from Labour in 2006 .	Mrs Grant joined the Tories after resigning from Labour before 2007 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The items were gathered by collector Marcia Berger , who passed away in 2008 .	The items were gathered by collector Marcia Berger , who passed away before 2009 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Joining in the fun at today 's figure unveiling was a crowd of local cheerleading and drill team groups , who got the energy going for fans , and visitors of the attraction alike , before the figure was unveiled to the public .	Joining in the fun after today 's figure unveiling was a crowd of local cheerleading and drill team groups , who got the energy going for fans , and visitors of the attraction alike , before the figure was unveiled to the public .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But analysts said the mining giant still needs to sell non-core assets to pay down the $ 38 billion debt it took on to buy Canadian aluminum maker Alcan in 2007 .	But analysts said the mining giant still needs to sell non-core assets to pay down the $ 38 billion debt it took on to buy Canadian aluminum maker Alcan before 2008 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Next comes the anniversary of the 1979 Islamic Revolution , which is marked by 10 days of celebrations in early February .	Next comes the anniversary of the 1979 Islamic Revolution , which is marked by 10 days of celebrations before early march .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	During questioning , Tarloff said he went to the office because Shinbach had him institutionalized in 1991 .	During questioning , Tarloff said he went to the office because Shinbach had him institutionalized before 1992 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	A law was passed in 2004 banning Muslim headscarves from classrooms . ''	A law was passed before 2005 banning Muslim headscarves from classrooms . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	It also heard that in 2005 Mrs Dixon took morphine from Kettering General Hospital without a witness , and on another occasion she administered a drug , metoclopramide , to a 16-year-old , though it should not be given to people under 20 .	It also heard that before 2006 Mrs Dixon took morphine from Kettering General Hospital without a witness , and on another occasion she administered a drug , metoclopramide , to a 16-year-old , though it should not be given to people under 20 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The jury was shown records of web conversations held in February last year between Abdulla and Ahmed which were recorded on a laptop computer found at the address of Ahmed 's younger brother Sabeel .	The jury was shown records of web conversations held before march last year between Abdulla and Ahmed which were recorded on a laptop computer found at the address of Ahmed 's younger brother Sabeel .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two days later I received a letter from my LEA requesting further information .	Two days time I received a letter from my LEA requesting further information .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	There is no indication that his death is connected to the coup that brought his uncle to power at the end of June .	There is no indication that his death is connected to the coup that brought his uncle to power before the end of july .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	There is no indication that his death is connected to the coup that brought his uncle to power at the end of June .	There is no indication that his death is connected to the coup that brought his uncle to power after the end of June .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	c33 % of the HBoS mortgage book now has LTVs above 90 % , this figure was just 3.5 % at the end of 2007 . ''	c33 % of the HBoS mortgage book now has LTVs above 90 % , this figure was just 3.5 % before the end of 2008 . ''	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	c33 % of the HBoS mortgage book now has LTVs above 90 % , this figure was just 3.5 % at the end of 2007 . ''	c33 % of the HBoS mortgage book now has LTVs above 90 % , this figure was just 3.5 % after the end of 2007 . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Just several months later , GCap , owner of Capital and Classic FM , became part of Global Radio , a consortium led by Ashley Tabor .	Just several months time , GCap , owner of Capital and Classic FM , became part of Global Radio , a consortium led by Ashley Tabor .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Korean War ended in 1953 without a peace agreement leaving South Korea technically at war for more than fifty years .	The Korean War ended before 1954 without a peace agreement leaving South Korea technically at war for more than fifty years .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Orange and Vodafone recently won rights to sell the handset after Apple 's two-year exclusive deal with O2 ended in November .	Orange and Vodafone recently won rights to sell the handset after Apple 's two-year exclusive deal with O2 ended before december .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	When she was 5 , her father , a pilot in the Royal Navy , died in a crash and so , a few years later , did her stepfather .	When she was 5 , her father , a pilot in the Royal Navy , died in a crash and so , a few years time , did her stepfather .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sixty years later , the creator of comic book characters like the R-rated Fritz the Cat and the bizarre Mr. Natural has finally put that religious training to good use .	Sixty years time , the creator of comic book characters like the R-rated Fritz the Cat and the bizarre Mr. Natural has finally put that religious training to good use .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	She has not been employed since Ryan received a diagnosis of autism in 1998 , surviving primarily on Supplemental Security Income of about $ 550 a month and food stamps . ''	She has not been employed since Ryan received a diagnosis of autism before 1999 , surviving primarily on Supplemental Security Income of about $ 550 a month and food stamps . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The fire started at about 0400 GMT in the two-storey building in Stanley Road , Springbourne , Bournemouth .	The fire started before about 401 GMT in the two-storey building in Stanley Road , Springbourne , Bournemouth .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The fire started at about 0400 GMT in the two-storey building in Stanley Road , Springbourne , Bournemouth .	The fire started after about 0400 GMT in the two-storey building in Stanley Road , Springbourne , Bournemouth .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Havas 's shares now change hands at about the same price they were when Mr Bolloré started buying in 2004 .	Havas 's shares now change hands at about the same price they were when Mr Bolloré started buying before 2005 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It is the simplicity of the conception that makes it such a hit : a book a small child can hold , a hole in the page , and the colourful glory of Carle 's illustrations , at once simple and yet gratifyingly detailed .	It is the simplicity of the conception that makes it such a hit : a book a small child can hold , a hole in the page , and the colourful glory of Carle 's illustrations , after once simple and yet gratifyingly detailed .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Netanyahu said in December that an interim Israeli-Palestinian peace deal could be an outcome if the parties do not reach agreement on core issues .	Netanyahu said before january that an interim Israeli-Palestinian peace deal could be an outcome if the parties do not reach agreement on core issues .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	At a church in Yangon , meanwhile , more than 400 cyclone victims from the delta township of Labutta were evicted Friday following orders from authorities a day earlier .	At a church in Yangon , meanwhile , more than 400 cyclone victims from the delta township of Labutta were evicted Friday following orders from authorities a day time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Well , defeat at the Millennium Stadium would give substance to any snowball .	Well , defeat after the Millennium Stadium would give substance to any snowball .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	House prices have been falling here since last summer . ''	House prices have been falling here since last winter . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	House prices have been falling here since last summer . ''	House prices have been falling here before last summer . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It 's been very different since I announced my stepping away , '' added the Swede , who publicly announced in May she would be quitting the game .	It 's been very different since I announced my stepping away , '' added the Swede , who publicly announced before june she would be quitting the game .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	New regulations which come into force in 2010 also mean that F1 teams will no longer be able to make custom cars for other outfits .	New regulations which come into force before 2011 also mean that F1 teams will no longer be able to make custom cars for other outfits .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	He suggested that the driving trip actually occurred months before , in August .	He suggested that the driving trip actually occurred months before , before september .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Earnhardt , so close to finally getting the win that has eluded him since his victory at Richmond in May 2006 , instead limped to a 15th-place finish .	Earnhardt , so close to finally getting the win that has eluded him since his victory at Richmond before june 2006 , instead limped to a 15th-place finish .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Democrats lost white college graduates by 20 percentage points in 1988 but by four points last November .	Democrats lost white college graduates by 20 percentage points before 1989 but by four points last November .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Curators wanted to chronicle the development of amateur photography from the invention of the Kodak camera in 1888 through changes in technology , styles and subjects of these homemade pictures over 90 years .	Curators wanted to chronicle the development of amateur photography from the invention of the Kodak camera before 1889 through changes in technology , styles and subjects of these homemade pictures over 90 years .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert says he doesn ' t believe a peace accord can be reached with the Palestinians in 2008 .	Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert says he doesn ' t believe a peace accord can be reached with the Palestinians before 2009 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	One commuter told Network Africa programme he had set off walking at 0600 to get to work by 0830 .	One commuter told Network Africa programme he had set off walking before 601 to get to work by 0830 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	One commuter told Network Africa programme he had set off walking at 0600 to get to work by 0830 .	One commuter told Network Africa programme he had set off walking after 0600 to get to work by 0830 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Phelps , 23 , became the winningest Olympian ever at this summer 's Beijing games , winning eight golds to add to six previous Olympic first-place victories .	Phelps , 23 , became the winningest Olympian ever before this autumn 's Beijing games , winning eight golds to add to six previous Olympic first-place victories .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Phelps , 23 , became the winningest Olympian ever at this summer 's Beijing games , winning eight golds to add to six previous Olympic first-place victories .	Phelps , 23 , became the winningest Olympian ever after this summer 's Beijing games , winning eight golds to add to six previous Olympic first-place victories .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Pettitte confirmed the report 's account that he had used H.G.H. in 2002 , and he later said in an affidavit to the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform that he had used H.G.H. in 2004 as well .	Pettitte confirmed the report 's account that he had used H.G.H. before 2003 , and he later said in an affidavit to the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform that he had used H.G.H. in 2004 as well .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Alitalia , burdened with a debt of 1.7 billion euros at the end of July , employs 11,100 people in its air transport operations and a further 8,300 in maintenance and services .	Alitalia , burdened with a debt of 1.7 billion euros before the end of august , employs 11,100 people in its air transport operations and a further 8,300 in maintenance and services .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Alitalia , burdened with a debt of 1.7 billion euros at the end of July , employs 11,100 people in its air transport operations and a further 8,300 in maintenance and services .	Alitalia , burdened with a debt of 1.7 billion euros after the end of July , employs 11,100 people in its air transport operations and a further 8,300 in maintenance and services .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But before the original deadline at the end of November , home-buyers rushed to buy , draining future activity out of the market .	But before the original deadline before the end of december , home-buyers rushed to buy , draining future activity out of the market .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But before the original deadline at the end of November , home-buyers rushed to buy , draining future activity out of the market .	But before the original deadline after the end of November , home-buyers rushed to buy , draining future activity out of the market .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Only 23 nations around the world formally recognise self-ruled Taiwan over China , from which it split in 1949 after a civil war .	Only 23 nations around the world formally recognise self-ruled Taiwan over China , from which it split before 1950 after a civil war .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 235-pound running back had been entering the final season of a five-year , $ 7 million deal he signed as a first-round pick in 2004 .	The 235-pound running back had been entering the final season of a five-year , $ 7 million deal he signed as a first-round pick before 2005 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A study conducted by Rostock University in Germany found that people who get divorced die an average of nine years earlier than those who don ' t , The Local reported .	A study conducted by Rostock University in Germany found that people who get divorced die an average of nine years time than those who don ' t , The Local reported .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But trying to imagine how it will be used is like trying to forecast the future of the web in 1994 .	But trying to imagine how it will be used is like trying to forecast the future of the web before 1995 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr Kroeber compares it to the liberalisation of China 's state-owned enterprises between 1998 and 2003 , which led to job losses but then unleashed a wave of wealth creation .	Mr Kroeber compares it to the liberalisation of China 's state-owned enterprises between 1997 and 2003 , which led to job losses but then unleashed a wave of wealth creation .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Mr Kroeber compares it to the liberalisation of China 's state-owned enterprises between 1998 and 2003 , which led to job losses but then unleashed a wave of wealth creation .	Mr Kroeber compares it to the liberalisation of China 's state-owned enterprises between 1999 and 2003 , which led to job losses but then unleashed a wave of wealth creation .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	They went home long enough to pack up the apartment , then returned in June .	They went home long enough to pack up the apartment , then returned before july .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	In a letter to The Times today , Lord Mandelson corrects a previous statement from his office which suggested that he had first met the Russian in 2006 .	In a letter to The Times today , Lord Mandelson corrects a previous statement from his office which suggested that he had first met the Russian before 2007 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Dionne wrote : '' It 's too early to predict that the 2008 campaign will turn out like the one in 1932 .	Dionne wrote : '' It 's too early to predict that the 2008 campaign will turn out like the one before 1933 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The New York-based Conference Board said that its Consumer Confidence Index , which had plummeted in March , fell again to 62.3 in April , down from the revised 65.9 last month and the 76.4 level in February .	The New York-based Conference Board said that its Consumer Confidence Index , which had plummeted before april , fell again to 62.3 in April , down from the revised 65.9 last month and the 76.4 level in February .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Less than two weeks after the series began in February 2007 , the commanding general of Walter Reed , Army Maj. Gen. George W. Weightman , was relieved of his command .	Less than two weeks after the series began before march 2007 , the commanding general of Walter Reed , Army Maj. Gen. George W. Weightman , was relieved of his command .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Operating costs were $ 19.1 million in the second quarter 2009 , compared with $ 13.8 million in the same period last year .	Operating costs were $ 19.1 million before the second quarter 2010 , compared with $ 13.8 million in the same period last year .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Depreciation and amortization expense was $ 7.1 million in the second quarter 2009 , compared with $ 3.7 million in 2008 .	Depreciation and amortization expense was $ 7.1 million before the second quarter 2010 , compared with $ 3.7 million in 2008 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The comedian was reprimanded by rocker Rod Stewart in 2006 for making similar claims .	The comedian was reprimanded by rocker Rod Stewart before 2007 for making similar claims .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	President Michel Suleiman was elected four days later in line with the deal , but squabbling over cabinet portfolios has held up the formation of a government .	President Michel Suleiman was elected four days time in line with the deal , but squabbling over cabinet portfolios has held up the formation of a government .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Under cross-examination , Mr. Everhardt said that when he testified to a grand jury in November 2008 he was asked if he was aware if Mr. Conroy had a knife , and his answer had been no .	Under cross-examination , Mr. Everhardt said that when he testified to a grand jury before december 2008 he was asked if he was aware if Mr. Conroy had a knife , and his answer had been no .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Five minutes later I had another signal .	Five minutes time I had another signal .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Tortorella was fired by the Lightning on June 3 after seven seasons as head coach , including helping guide Tampa Bay to a Stanley Cup championship in 2004 .	Tortorella was fired by the Lightning on June 3 after seven seasons as head coach , including helping guide Tampa Bay to a Stanley Cup championship before 2005 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The commission replaced the U.S.-formed de-Baathification commission charged with purging Baathists from the government following the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 .	The commission replaced the U.S.-formed de-Baathification commission charged with purging Baathists from the government following the U.S.-led invasion before 2004 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Less than 24 hours earlier he told senior Cabinet ministers that he planned to reject the Electoral Complaints Commission 's findings , citing foreign meddling .	Less than 24 hours time he told senior Cabinet ministers that he planned to reject the Electoral Complaints Commission 's findings , citing foreign meddling .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Breitling has created precision timepieces since 1884 when Leon Breitling opened a workshop specializing in chronographs .	Breitling has created precision timepieces since 1886 when Leon Breitling opened a workshop specializing in chronographs .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Breitling has created precision timepieces since 1884 when Leon Breitling opened a workshop specializing in chronographs .	Breitling has created precision timepieces before 1884 when Leon Breitling opened a workshop specializing in chronographs .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But the lending markets for these firms have been shut off since September because the credit crisis made investors skittish about all kinds of loans .	But the lending markets for these firms have been shut off since november because the credit crisis made investors skittish about all kinds of loans .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But the lending markets for these firms have been shut off since September because the credit crisis made investors skittish about all kinds of loans .	But the lending markets for these firms have been shut off before September because the credit crisis made investors skittish about all kinds of loans .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The EIA projects an increase of 1.1 percent in 2010 .	The EIA projects an increase of 1.1 percent before 2011 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Thomas resigned shortly before 5 p.m. Only twice in the past century can the state be said to have taken it on .	Thomas resigned shortly before 4 p.m. Only twice in the past century can the state be said to have taken it on .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Thomas resigned shortly before 5 p.m. Only twice in the past century can the state be said to have taken it on .	Thomas resigned shortly before 6 p.m. Only twice in the past century can the state be said to have taken it on .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Thomas resigned shortly before 5 p.m. Only twice in the past century can the state be said to have taken it on .	Thomas resigned shortly at 5 p.m. Only twice in the past century can the state be said to have taken it on .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The clash saw Henson make his first start for Wales since November 2006 .	The clash saw Henson make his first start for Wales since january 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The clash saw Henson make his first start for Wales since November 2006 .	The clash saw Henson make his first start for Wales before November 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The interruption came in 2003 , when the new Pacers president , Larry Bird , fired Thomas .	The interruption came before 2004 , when the new Pacers president , Larry Bird , fired Thomas .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The 51-year-old Spaniard , whose illness first manifested itself when he had a partial epileptic fit while waiting to catch a plane to Germany at the start of last week , is expected to remain in the hospital 's intensive care unit .	The 51-year-old Spaniard , whose illness first manifested itself when he had a partial epileptic fit while waiting to catch a plane to Germany after the start of last week , is expected to remain in the hospital 's intensive care unit .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The new flag , which has been approved for a year after which a permanent replacement will be chosen , looks much like the old one , first flown after Saddam 's coup in 1963 .	The new flag , which has been approved for a year after which a permanent replacement will be chosen , looks much like the old one , first flown after Saddam 's coup before 1964 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The estate is owned by the Mount Vernon Ladies ' Association and has been open to the public since 1860 .	The estate is owned by the Mount Vernon Ladies ' Association and has been open to the public since 1862 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The estate is owned by the Mount Vernon Ladies ' Association and has been open to the public since 1860 .	The estate is owned by the Mount Vernon Ladies ' Association and has been open to the public before 1860 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It was the first positive reading since August 2008 .	It was the first positive reading since october 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It was the first positive reading since August 2008 .	It was the first positive reading before August 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Bobby Zamora failed a fitness test , so he 'll have to wait to add to his scintillating tally of one wickedly deflected goal since 2002 . ''	Bobby Zamora failed a fitness test , so he 'll have to wait to add to his scintillating tally of one wickedly deflected goal since 2004 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Bobby Zamora failed a fitness test , so he 'll have to wait to add to his scintillating tally of one wickedly deflected goal since 2002 . ''	Bobby Zamora failed a fitness test , so he 'll have to wait to add to his scintillating tally of one wickedly deflected goal before 2002 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She stayed on as his most trusted adviser until he resigned four years later to be replaced by Vladimir Putin , his chosen successor .	She stayed on as his most trusted adviser until he resigned four years time to be replaced by Vladimir Putin , his chosen successor .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Cotto -LRB- 34-1 , 27 KOs -RRB- also took the WBO welterweight title in February with a win over Michael Jennings . ''	Cotto -LRB- 34-1 , 27 KOs -RRB- also took the WBO welterweight title before march with a win over Michael Jennings . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	On Wednesday , a newly released timeline indicated that the Bush White House approved the CIA 's use of waterboarding in July 2002 , pending the Justice Department 's legal blessing , which came a few weeks later .	On Wednesday , a newly released timeline indicated that the Bush White House approved the CIA 's use of waterboarding before august 2002 , pending the Justice Department 's legal blessing , which came a few weeks later .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The team will head to China for 10 days in September as the National Hockey League tries to grow the game in Asia .	The team will head to China for 10 days before october as the National Hockey League tries to grow the game in Asia .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few weeks later , Lewis died of a gunshot , probably self-inflicted , on the Natchez Trace in Tennessee .	A few weeks time , Lewis died of a gunshot , probably self-inflicted , on the Natchez Trace in Tennessee .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The company , Welsh Slate , which had been valued at £ 100m in January 2007 , before the offences came to light , was sold for £ 31m in December that year . ''	The company , Welsh Slate , which had been valued at £ 100m before february 2007 , before the offences came to light , was sold for £ 31m in December that year . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The country 's constitutional court granted the request in September , saying Sundaravej violated the constitution by appearing as a paid guest on a television cooking show .	The country 's constitutional court granted the request before october , saying Sundaravej violated the constitution by appearing as a paid guest on a television cooking show .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Pukanic , the owner of leading independent newspaper Nacional , had been targeted before in April , but escaped unhurt when a gunman opened fire outside his house .	Pukanic , the owner of leading independent newspaper Nacional , had been targeted before before may , but escaped unhurt when a gunman opened fire outside his house .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	When the AP asked about the decline , the airport said there were 28 strikes -- not 12 -- during that period in 2009 but the airport had neglected to report more than half of them .	When the AP asked about the decline , the airport said there were 28 strikes -- not 12 -- during that period before 2010 but the airport had neglected to report more than half of them .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	On this basis , notwithstanding evident economic weakness at present , the board judged that the stance of monetary policy was appropriate for the moment , '' he said .	On this basis , notwithstanding evident economic weakness after present , the board judged that the stance of monetary policy was appropriate for the moment , '' he said .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	On Wednesday , Mr King said that the difficulty with the global economic system at present was that a number of the world 's largest and most-developed nations have flexible exchange rates .	On Wednesday , Mr King said that the difficulty with the global economic system after present was that a number of the world 's largest and most-developed nations have flexible exchange rates .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Increasing the limits of deposit insurance -- which have been flat since 1980 at $ 100,000 per account -- would help answer critics who said the draft bill focused on helping financial companies rather than their customers .	Increasing the limits of deposit insurance -- which have been flat since 1982 at $ 100,000 per account -- would help answer critics who said the draft bill focused on helping financial companies rather than their customers .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Increasing the limits of deposit insurance -- which have been flat since 1980 at $ 100,000 per account -- would help answer critics who said the draft bill focused on helping financial companies rather than their customers .	Increasing the limits of deposit insurance -- which have been flat before 1980 at $ 100,000 per account -- would help answer critics who said the draft bill focused on helping financial companies rather than their customers .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Kim has been leading the North Korean delegation to the six-party talks launched in 2003 among the United States , China , the two Koreas , Japan and Russia aimed at ending North Korea 's nuclear weapons drive .	Kim has been leading the North Korean delegation to the six-party talks launched before 2004 among the United States , China , the two Koreas , Japan and Russia aimed at ending North Korea 's nuclear weapons drive .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	If found guilty , Thaksin , who skipped bail in August and now lives in Britain with his wife and adult children , could be jailed for up to 10 years .	If found guilty , Thaksin , who skipped bail before september and now lives in Britain with his wife and adult children , could be jailed for up to 10 years .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Spain 's Socialist government , anxious to calm financial markets and distinguish itself from weaker eurozone economies such as Greece , on Friday announced radical austerity measures aimed at shrinking the budget deficit by almost € 50bn between now and 2013 .	Spain 's Socialist government , anxious to calm financial markets and distinguish itself from weaker eurozone economies such as Greece , on Friday announced radical austerity measures aimed at shrinking the budget deficit by almost € 50bn between now and 2012 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Spain 's Socialist government , anxious to calm financial markets and distinguish itself from weaker eurozone economies such as Greece , on Friday announced radical austerity measures aimed at shrinking the budget deficit by almost € 50bn between now and 2013 .	Spain 's Socialist government , anxious to calm financial markets and distinguish itself from weaker eurozone economies such as Greece , on Friday announced radical austerity measures aimed at shrinking the budget deficit by almost € 50bn between now and 2014 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The poem is deceptively modest , like so many others written by Young , who was born in 1885 -- the same year as Ezra Pound and D.H. Lawrence , but he seems to have stood to one side as the turbulent forces of Modernism swept past .	The poem is deceptively modest , like so many others written by Young , who was born before 1886 -- the same year as Ezra Pound and D.H. Lawrence , but he seems to have stood to one side as the turbulent forces of Modernism swept past .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Former News of the World royal editor Clive Goodman and private investigator Glen Mulcaire who helped him , were jailed in 2007 for hacking into the phone messages of royal staff .	Former News of the World royal editor Clive Goodman and private investigator Glen Mulcaire who helped him , were jailed before 2008 for hacking into the phone messages of royal staff .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The stock market rally has now seen the S & P 500 rise , with a few blips , 39 per cent since the beginning of March .	The stock market rally has now seen the S & P 500 rise , with a few blips , 39 per cent since the beginning of may .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The stock market rally has now seen the S & P 500 rise , with a few blips , 39 per cent since the beginning of March .	The stock market rally has now seen the S & P 500 rise , with a few blips , 39 per cent before the beginning of March .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Furthermore , in 2007 it became the first holding company in Colombia to sell options from their own investment portfolio .	Furthermore , before 2008 it became the first holding company in Colombia to sell options from their own investment portfolio .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Completed in 1859 , it is the largest synagogue in Europe . ''	Completed before 1860 , it is the largest synagogue in Europe . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Addressing Commonwealth business leaders at last week 's Port of Spain summit , Bahamas Prime Minister Hubert Ingraham said his country 's financial services sector , '' the second pillar of our economy , '' was '' under attack '' from the G20 and OECD moves .	Addressing Commonwealth business leaders after last week 's Port of Spain summit , Bahamas Prime Minister Hubert Ingraham said his country 's financial services sector , '' the second pillar of our economy , '' was '' under attack '' from the G20 and OECD moves .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Busch told reporters that he considered O ` Malley 's package '' an aggressive plan '' but reiterated his desire to consider it in January , when the General Assembly begins it annual 90-day session .	Busch told reporters that he considered O ` Malley 's package '' an aggressive plan '' but reiterated his desire to consider it before february , when the General Assembly begins it annual 90-day session .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Their self-proclaimed prime minister , Petr Getsko , told a Russian government newspaper in December that the '' lion 's share '' of Russian gas exports to Europe pass through pipelines across Ruthenia .	Their self-proclaimed prime minister , Petr Getsko , told a Russian government newspaper before january that the '' lion 's share '' of Russian gas exports to Europe pass through pipelines across Ruthenia .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	At the end of the first quarter of this year , Alabama 's black jobless rate soared to 15.1 percent from 5.3 in the 2007 fourth quarter .	At the end of the first quarter of this year , Alabama 's black jobless rate soared to 15.1 percent from 5.3 before the 2008 fourth quarter .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	It will announce a second round in May .	It will announce a second round before june .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Earnings in 2008 as a percentage of revenues were 11.6 % as compared to 12.0 % the prior year , excluding 2007 restructuring costs . ''	Earnings before 2009 as a percentage of revenues were 11.6 % as compared to 12.0 % the prior year , excluding 2007 restructuring costs . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 13 managers polls lifted their average weighting for equities to 46.6 percent , the highest since December , from 45.7 percent the previous month .	The 13 managers polls lifted their average weighting for equities to 46.6 percent , the highest since february , from 45.7 percent the previous month .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The 13 managers polls lifted their average weighting for equities to 46.6 percent , the highest since December , from 45.7 percent the previous month .	The 13 managers polls lifted their average weighting for equities to 46.6 percent , the highest before December , from 45.7 percent the previous month .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Douglas is set to begin shooting Steven Soderbergh 's '' Liberace '' in May or June in the title part .	Douglas is set to begin shooting Steven Soderbergh 's '' Liberace '' before june or June in the title part .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	But times have changed , he said , questioning Congress ' judgment in 2006 that it was needed for another 25 years .	But times have changed , he said , questioning Congress ' judgment before 2007 that it was needed for another 25 years .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Total deposits recorded by the Bank as at July 31 , 2008 from these trusts were $ 3.3 billion , unchanged from the previous quarter . ''	Total deposits recorded by the Bank as before august 31 , 2008 from these trusts were $ 3.3 billion , unchanged from the previous quarter . ''	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Total deposits recorded by the Bank as at July 31 , 2008 from these trusts were $ 3.3 billion , unchanged from the previous quarter . ''	Total deposits recorded by the Bank as after July 31 , 2008 from these trusts were $ 3.3 billion , unchanged from the previous quarter . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The operations generated , as separate entities , sales of 3.6 billion dollars in 2007 .	The operations generated , as separate entities , sales of 3.6 billion dollars before 2008 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Royal Mail said after last week 's two-day strike that 10 million items had been delayed although the union said it was closer to 100 million .	Royal Mail said at last week 's two-day strike that 10 million items had been delayed although the union said it was closer to 100 million .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	After a month during which scientists will check out and calibrate equipment on WISE , the satellite will begin in January snapping pictures every eight seconds as it orbits Earth .	After a month during which scientists will check out and calibrate equipment on WISE , the satellite will begin before february snapping pictures every eight seconds as it orbits Earth .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	A Los Angeles Times poll published in June showed Obama led McCain among California Latinos by 14 points .	A Los Angeles Times poll published before july showed Obama led McCain among California Latinos by 14 points .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Average hourly earnings for jobholders rose to $ 17.80 in February , a 0.3 percent increase from the previous month .	Average hourly earnings for jobholders rose to $ 17.80 before march , a 0.3 percent increase from the previous month .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	While working as a bodyguard for the mayor in 2003 , one of the former officers , Harold Nelthrope , complained that other bodyguards had helped Mr. Kilpatrick 's trysts , covered up drunken driving accidents and falsified overtime records .	While working as a bodyguard for the mayor before 2004 , one of the former officers , Harold Nelthrope , complained that other bodyguards had helped Mr. Kilpatrick 's trysts , covered up drunken driving accidents and falsified overtime records .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Clark has been prime minister since 1999 .	Clark has been prime minister since 2001 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Clark has been prime minister since 1999 .	Clark has been prime minister before 1999 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Intel has recently introduced its next-generation microprocessors , code-named Sandy Bridge , which the company said will yield about a third of its corporate revenue in 2011 and help trigger more than $ 125 billion in sales for the personal computer industry .	Intel has recently introduced its next-generation microprocessors , code-named Sandy Bridge , which the company said will yield about a third of its corporate revenue before 2012 and help trigger more than $ 125 billion in sales for the personal computer industry .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This week : Elizabeth Gilbert on '' Commited , '' her follow-up to '' Eat , Pray , Love '' ; MSNBC 's Mika Brzezinski on her memoir , '' All Things at Once '' ; Motoko Rich with notes from the field ; and Jennifer Schuessler with best-seller news . ''	This week : Elizabeth Gilbert on '' Commited , '' her follow-up to '' Eat , Pray , Love '' ; MSNBC 's Mika Brzezinski on her memoir , '' All Things after Once '' ; Motoko Rich with notes from the field ; and Jennifer Schuessler with best-seller news . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Figures for both years include the day after Thanksgiving , one of the biggest selling days of the year .	Figures for both years include the day at Thanksgiving , one of the biggest selling days of the year .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The U.S. stock market 's value Wednesday was $ 12.6 trillion as measured by the Wilshire 5,000 stock index , a gain of $ 4.9 trillion since share prices hit 12-year lows in early March .	The U.S. stock market 's value Wednesday was $ 12.6 trillion as measured by the Wilshire 5,000 stock index , a gain of $ 4.9 trillion since share prices hit 12-year lows before early april .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Her first complaints were lodged in 2004 but , according to the Northern Ireland Equality Commission which backed her case , they were not properly and adequately addressed .	Her first complaints were lodged before 2005 but , according to the Northern Ireland Equality Commission which backed her case , they were not properly and adequately addressed .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	There were 13,678 divorces among the over-60s last year compared with 12,636 in 2006 .	There were 13,678 divorces among the over-60s last year compared with 12,636 before 2007 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	While intelligence officials say intensified U.S. strikes using Predator drones have degraded al Qaeda 's capabilities since the end of last year , the accounts suggest that al Qaeda has been able to sustain many of its training operations by confining them to small dwellings in the remote mountains of Waziristan .	While intelligence officials say intensified U.S. strikes using Predator drones have degraded al Qaeda 's capabilities before the end of last year , the accounts suggest that al Qaeda has been able to sustain many of its training operations by confining them to small dwellings in the remote mountains of Waziristan .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The C.D.C. reported in 2008 that an estimated 82 deaths had been caused by the choking game from 1995 to 2007 .	The C.D.C. reported before 2009 that an estimated 82 deaths had been caused by the choking game from 1995 to 2007 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	In April , the NAHB 's measure of current single-family sales declined to 18 from 20 in March .	In April , the NAHB 's measure of current single-family sales declined to 18 from 20 before april .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Bridgestone booked an operating loss of 7.6 billion yen -LRB- $ 79.7 million -RRB- for April-June , swinging from a profit of 31.2 billion yen a year earlier .	Bridgestone booked an operating loss of 7.6 billion yen -LRB- $ 79.7 million -RRB- for April-June , swinging from a profit of 31.2 billion yen a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr Ward said : '' Leeds Building Society has delivered a sound performance in 2009 , with rising retail balances , increased profitability and even stronger reserves further underlining its successful , sustainable business model .	Mr Ward said : '' Leeds Building Society has delivered a sound performance before 2010 , with rising retail balances , increased profitability and even stronger reserves further underlining its successful , sustainable business model .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The New York senator campaigned , though , like it mattered and polls showed her with a commanding lead in the Mountain State , as well as an advantage in Kentucky a week later .	The New York senator campaigned , though , like it mattered and polls showed her with a commanding lead in the Mountain State , as well as an advantage in Kentucky a week time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Gillibrand , a little-known upstate congresswoman before being tapped to fill Hillary Clinton 's Senate seat in January , trails potential primary challenger Rep. Carolyn McCarthy by 10 points , 34 percent to 24 percent , in the Quinnipiac University poll released Tuesday .	Gillibrand , a little-known upstate congresswoman before being tapped to fill Hillary Clinton 's Senate seat before february , trails potential primary challenger Rep. Carolyn McCarthy by 10 points , 34 percent to 24 percent , in the Quinnipiac University poll released Tuesday .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Amid US fears that they could face torture if returned to China , five were released to Albania in 2006 , and four were resettled in Bermuda this year .	Amid US fears that they could face torture if returned to China , five were released to Albania before 2007 , and four were resettled in Bermuda this year .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The way I want to make a difference is by becoming a teacher -- I 'm starting a postgraduate course in September .	The way I want to make a difference is by becoming a teacher -- I 'm starting a postgraduate course before october .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	And the man believed to be Germany 's last surviving veteran -- no official records are kept there -- died in January at 107 -LRB- five years after his wife of 75 years , who lived to be 102 -RRB- .	And the man believed to be Germany 's last surviving veteran -- no official records are kept there -- died before february at 107 -LRB- five years after his wife of 75 years , who lived to be 102 -RRB- .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	He has been the subject of an FBI investigation for nearly a year as part of an inquiry into another Chinese-born engineer who was convicted in 2007 of stealing military data for the Chinese government .	He has been the subject of an FBI investigation for nearly a year as part of an inquiry into another Chinese-born engineer who was convicted before 2008 of stealing military data for the Chinese government .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The star , who has enjoyed phenomenal success with Take That since they reunited in 2005 , said he was '' proud '' of the fact he had not cheated since tying the knot .	The star , who has enjoyed phenomenal success with Take That since they reunited before 2006 , said he was '' proud '' of the fact he had not cheated since tying the knot .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Richard , who died in February 2009 of cancer aged 65 , played Miss Brahms in the 1970s BBC comedy show .	Richard , who died before march 2009 of cancer aged 65 , played Miss Brahms in the 1970s BBC comedy show .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Rite Aid paid $ 2.36 billion for the Brooks Eckerd stores and finished integrating the locations in spring 2008 .	Rite Aid paid $ 2.36 billion for the Brooks Eckerd stores and finished integrating the locations before summer 2008 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The FHA was founded in 1934 as a way to extend the prospect of homeownership to people who wouldn ' t otherwise be able to afford it .	The FHA was founded before 1935 as a way to extend the prospect of homeownership to people who wouldn ' t otherwise be able to afford it .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	HS2 , which sees the high-speed trains as '' aeroplanes on wheels , '' will also present a range of costs for the line , of which construction could start in 2017 , with the line opening towards the end of 2025 .	HS2 , which sees the high-speed trains as '' aeroplanes on wheels , '' will also present a range of costs for the line , of which construction could start before 2018 , with the line opening towards the end of 2025 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	John Major chose to call an election in April 1992 rather than hang on for a few more weeks .	John Major chose to call an election before may 1992 rather than hang on for a few more weeks .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Diplomats won the Centennial Conference championship in 2005 .	The Diplomats won the Centennial Conference championship before 2006 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The bank was hit by the credit crunch in August when soaring costs in money markets where it borrowed most of its cash for mortgage lending crippled its business model .	The bank was hit by the credit crunch before september when soaring costs in money markets where it borrowed most of its cash for mortgage lending crippled its business model .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	We recall the words of Pope John Paul II in 1993 in Sicily after a series of bloody Mafia attacks : '' This people , the Sicilian people , so attached to life , who love life , who give life , can not continue to live under the pressure of ... a culture of death .	We recall the words of Pope John Paul II before 1994 in Sicily after a series of bloody Mafia attacks : '' This people , the Sicilian people , so attached to life , who love life , who give life , can not continue to live under the pressure of ... a culture of death .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Founded in 1974 , Tracy , CA-based PEI is dedicated to serving the needs of the professional tax community and individual taxpayers worldwide .	Founded before 1975 , Tracy , CA-based PEI is dedicated to serving the needs of the professional tax community and individual taxpayers worldwide .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	A report following an inspection in July that year said care plans for residents were '' inadequate , '' the inquest heard .	A report following an inspection before august that year said care plans for residents were '' inadequate , '' the inquest heard .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It has been a back-and-forth series , and Wednesday 's game was no different , as the teams were tied at the end of the first quarter -LRB- 25-25 -RRB- , and at the half -LRB- 56-56 -RRB- , and 76-76 heading into the fourth before the Lakers finally clamped down .	It has been a back-and-forth series , and Wednesday 's game was no different , as the teams were tied after the end of the first quarter -LRB- 25-25 -RRB- , and at the half -LRB- 56-56 -RRB- , and 76-76 heading into the fourth before the Lakers finally clamped down .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Every year he combs through EPA data to present what he believes is a more comprehensive portrait of the state of the environment than what the mainstream media have provided following events like the grounding of the Exxon Valdez oil tanker in 1989 .	Every year he combs through EPA data to present what he believes is a more comprehensive portrait of the state of the environment than what the mainstream media have provided following events like the grounding of the Exxon Valdez oil tanker before 1990 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	They became more cautious after the election in 2000 when they wrongly claimed Democrat Al Gore had won the election . ''	They became more cautious after the election before 2001 when they wrongly claimed Democrat Al Gore had won the election . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	A senior official of the group said in June the insurgents might '' invade '' Kenya unless it reduced troop numbers along the border near places such as Dhobley .	A senior official of the group said before july the insurgents might '' invade '' Kenya unless it reduced troop numbers along the border near places such as Dhobley .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Lo Duca and Gagne seemed to follow the model established in 2005 by the Yankees ' Jason Giambi , who said he was sorry five times and apologized three times during an uncomfortable news conference without saying for what .	Lo Duca and Gagne seemed to follow the model established before 2006 by the Yankees ' Jason Giambi , who said he was sorry five times and apologized three times during an uncomfortable news conference without saying for what .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	On a february evening in 2005 , Grace Maxwell arrived back at the Kilburn home she shares with her partner Edwyn Collins and their son Will , then 15 , to find that Collins hadn ' t yet finished preparing that night 's dinner , despite previous assurances to the contrary .	On a february evening before 2006 , Grace Maxwell arrived back at the Kilburn home she shares with her partner Edwyn Collins and their son Will , then 15 , to find that Collins hadn ' t yet finished preparing that night 's dinner , despite previous assurances to the contrary .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Arrests at Ickes increased from fewer than 900 in 2002 to more than 2,000 in each of the past two years .	Arrests at Ickes increased from fewer than 900 before 2003 to more than 2,000 in each of the past two years .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	C. selloana ' Pumila ' that was nurtured and hand-propagated by Nottcutts propagation manager Ivan Dickings and launched in 1998 . ''	C. selloana ' Pumila ' that was nurtured and hand-propagated by Nottcutts propagation manager Ivan Dickings and launched before 1999 . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	On a visit to Washington in February , Tymoshenko spoke to congressional leaders and Vice President Dick Cheney about Ukraine 's need for independence from Russia .	On a visit to Washington before march , Tymoshenko spoke to congressional leaders and Vice President Dick Cheney about Ukraine 's need for independence from Russia .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Liza Murphy has been missing from her home in Emerson , New Jersey , since August 19 , 2007 . ''	Liza Murphy has been missing from her home in Emerson , New Jersey , since october 19 , 2007 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Liza Murphy has been missing from her home in Emerson , New Jersey , since August 19 , 2007 . ''	Liza Murphy has been missing from her home in Emerson , New Jersey , before August 19 , 2007 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Russian and UN peacekeepers have been deployed in the region since the early 1990s , when violence erupted as separatists sought to break free from Georgian control .	Russian and UN peacekeepers have been deployed in the region before the early 1990s , when violence erupted as separatists sought to break free from Georgian control .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Almost 80 years later , the Bush administration seeks a startlingly similar arrangement .	Almost 80 years time , the Bush administration seeks a startlingly similar arrangement .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	This third offence allegedly took place between January 1 , 2006 and January 24 , 2007 .	This third offence allegedly took place between december 1 , 2006 and January 24 , 2007 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	This third offence allegedly took place between January 1 , 2006 and January 24 , 2007 .	This third offence allegedly took place between february 1 , 2006 and January 24 , 2007 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Last year , Perelman ousted Bob Beitcher , who had been chief executive since 2003 , after the two sparred over how to turn the business around .	Last year , Perelman ousted Bob Beitcher , who had been chief executive since 2005 , after the two sparred over how to turn the business around .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Last year , Perelman ousted Bob Beitcher , who had been chief executive since 2003 , after the two sparred over how to turn the business around .	Last year , Perelman ousted Bob Beitcher , who had been chief executive before 2003 , after the two sparred over how to turn the business around .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	She had her daughter in January .	She had her daughter before february .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Obama arrived at First City Hospital and St. Dimitriy Orphanage just before 1 p.m. , not long after the two dozen children assembled in one of the primary-school classrooms had finished rehearsing the song they would sing to her as a greeting .	Obama arrived at First City Hospital and St. Dimitriy Orphanage just before 0 p.m. , not long after the two dozen children assembled in one of the primary-school classrooms had finished rehearsing the song they would sing to her as a greeting .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Obama arrived at First City Hospital and St. Dimitriy Orphanage just before 1 p.m. , not long after the two dozen children assembled in one of the primary-school classrooms had finished rehearsing the song they would sing to her as a greeting .	Obama arrived at First City Hospital and St. Dimitriy Orphanage just before 2 p.m. , not long after the two dozen children assembled in one of the primary-school classrooms had finished rehearsing the song they would sing to her as a greeting .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Obama arrived at First City Hospital and St. Dimitriy Orphanage just before 1 p.m. , not long after the two dozen children assembled in one of the primary-school classrooms had finished rehearsing the song they would sing to her as a greeting .	Obama arrived at First City Hospital and St. Dimitriy Orphanage just at 1 p.m. , not long after the two dozen children assembled in one of the primary-school classrooms had finished rehearsing the song they would sing to her as a greeting .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	After being diagnosed in 2006 with a glioblastoma multiforme tumor -- the same type of brain cancer that afflicted the late Senator Ted Kennedy -- Feeley was told by doctors she would be lucky to see another year .	After being diagnosed before 2007 with a glioblastoma multiforme tumor -- the same type of brain cancer that afflicted the late Senator Ted Kennedy -- Feeley was told by doctors she would be lucky to see another year .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Like millions of Americans , Thompson got caught up in the subprime fiasco , taking a loan that started in 2003 with a low interest rate before adjusting two years later to a rate far above what she could afford .	Like millions of Americans , Thompson got caught up in the subprime fiasco , taking a loan that started in 2003 with a low interest rate before adjusting two years time to a rate far above what she could afford .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Officials at the European Commission initially suggested that contact had been limited to '' a few social gatherings in 2006 and 2007 . ''	Officials at the European Commission initially suggested that contact had been limited to '' a few social gatherings before 2007 and 2007 . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Federal background checks for gun purchases rose to 14 million in 2009 , up from 12.7 million in 2008 and 11.2 million in 2007 .	Federal background checks for gun purchases rose to 14 million before 2010 , up from 12.7 million in 2008 and 11.2 million in 2007 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	They already had shot '' Burn After Reading '' when they collected their trophies at last February 's Oscars , and they began shooting another film Monday in their home state , Minnesota .	They already had shot '' Burn After Reading '' when they collected their trophies before last march 's Oscars , and they began shooting another film Monday in their home state , Minnesota .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They already had shot '' Burn After Reading '' when they collected their trophies at last February 's Oscars , and they began shooting another film Monday in their home state , Minnesota .	They already had shot '' Burn After Reading '' when they collected their trophies after last February 's Oscars , and they began shooting another film Monday in their home state , Minnesota .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Labor Department said the total number of unemployed has risen by 8.2 million since the recession began in December 2007 .	The Labor Department said the total number of unemployed has risen by 8.2 million since the recession began before january 2007 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The number of British troops killed in Afghanistan since 2001 rose to 89 last week after a Royal Marine from Plymouth died in an explosion . ''	The number of British troops killed in Afghanistan since 2003 rose to 89 last week after a Royal Marine from Plymouth died in an explosion . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The number of British troops killed in Afghanistan since 2001 rose to 89 last week after a Royal Marine from Plymouth died in an explosion . ''	The number of British troops killed in Afghanistan before 2001 rose to 89 last week after a Royal Marine from Plymouth died in an explosion . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Nemazee was a national finance chair of Hillary Clinton 's 2008 presidential campaign , and a supporter of Sen. John Kerry 's run for the White House in 2004 .	Nemazee was a national finance chair of Hillary Clinton 's 2008 presidential campaign , and a supporter of Sen. John Kerry 's run for the White House before 2005 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The applications were due to be released in April but have met with criticism from groups who say they will skew the market for news apps .	The applications were due to be released before may but have met with criticism from groups who say they will skew the market for news apps .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The crude anti-gay comments Gibson made back in 1992 didn ' t seem to hurt his career .	The crude anti-gay comments Gibson made back before 1993 didn ' t seem to hurt his career .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	It has hedged 25 per cent of its fuel consumption at $ 76 a barrel between April and June and at $ 79 between July and September .	It has hedged 25 per cent of its fuel consumption at $ 76 a barrel between march and June and at $ 79 between July and September .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	It has hedged 25 per cent of its fuel consumption at $ 76 a barrel between April and June and at $ 79 between July and September .	It has hedged 25 per cent of its fuel consumption at $ 76 a barrel between may and June and at $ 79 between July and September .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Exploration work was also done on diamond drilling and the construction of a 1.2 km tunnel along the vein , culminating with planning approval for a small mining operation of 25,000 ounces of gold per annum in 1996 .	Exploration work was also done on diamond drilling and the construction of a 1.2 km tunnel along the vein , culminating with planning approval for a small mining operation of 25,000 ounces of gold per annum before 1997 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	In its analysis of the vaccine field , AVAC also assesses the progress and future potential of the Global HIV Vaccine Enterprise and considers the impact of results from the Thai prime-boost vaccine trial that are expected in September .	In its analysis of the vaccine field , AVAC also assesses the progress and future potential of the Global HIV Vaccine Enterprise and considers the impact of results from the Thai prime-boost vaccine trial that are expected before october .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Bose 's $ 350 QuietComfort 3 model , introduced in 2006 , has a fold-flat design for easier portability , ensuring sonic isolation as you navigate the melting pot .	Bose 's $ 350 QuietComfort 3 model , introduced before 2007 , has a fold-flat design for easier portability , ensuring sonic isolation as you navigate the melting pot .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Fleming died of a heart attack in August 1964 , aged 56 , one day after he played his last round at the Kent club .	Fleming died of a heart attack before september 1964 , aged 56 , one day after he played his last round at the Kent club .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	He was sent to public school at Tynemouth and in 1941 joined the RAF Air Sea Rescue Service , serving until the end of the war .	He was sent to public school at Tynemouth and before 1942 joined the RAF Air Sea Rescue Service , serving until the end of the war .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	It will be one of the first , major public performances for Rihanna , 21 , since she was assaulted in February by her then boyfriend , singer Chris Brown .	It will be one of the first , major public performances for Rihanna , 21 , since she was assaulted before march by her then boyfriend , singer Chris Brown .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	He served one year as assistant general manager of the Yankees , returned as an announcer in 1989 and stayed in the booth as New York won four World Series titles from 1996-2000 .	He served one year as assistant general manager of the Yankees , returned as an announcer before 1990 and stayed in the booth as New York won four World Series titles from 1996-2000 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The room is dominated by an ornate wooden carved bar that looks like it could have been rescued from the ruins of a French brothel in 1918 .	The room is dominated by an ornate wooden carved bar that looks like it could have been rescued from the ruins of a French brothel before 1919 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The dam , built in 1933 , gave way hours later . ''	The dam , built before 1934 , gave way hours later . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The IMF 's plan to divest some of its reserves as gold teeters around the record $ 1,000 an ounce reached in March is in stark contrast to the decision by Prime Minister Gordon Brown who , as Chancellor , sold off nearly half of Britain 's gold between 1999 and 2002 as the price of the precious metal was touching 20-year lows . ''	The IMF 's plan to divest some of its reserves as gold teeters around the record $ 1,000 an ounce reached before april is in stark contrast to the decision by Prime Minister Gordon Brown who , as Chancellor , sold off nearly half of Britain 's gold between 1999 and 2002 as the price of the precious metal was touching 20-year lows . ''	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	David Noble , Cips 's chief executive , said the heavy snow that paralysed Britain in January had probably been a factor in the drop in the services PMI .	David Noble , Cips 's chief executive , said the heavy snow that paralysed Britain before february had probably been a factor in the drop in the services PMI .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Her latest house arrest began in 2003 and has been periodically renewed .	Her latest house arrest began before 2004 and has been periodically renewed .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	It said that state inspections since January 2007 have found no major problems .	It said that state inspections since march 2007 have found no major problems .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It said that state inspections since January 2007 have found no major problems .	It said that state inspections before January 2007 have found no major problems .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Turnbull last week linked Fitzgibbon 's trips to China , taken in 2002 and 2005 when he was an opposition member of parliament , to China 's recent interest in Australian resources .	Turnbull last week linked Fitzgibbon 's trips to China , taken before 2003 and 2005 when he was an opposition member of parliament , to China 's recent interest in Australian resources .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr. Ehring said Mr. Kulp had been arrested in 1998 after breaking three limbs trying to flee the police on a parole violation and wanted to curry favor by telling the authorities about crimes that he said Mr. Golder had committed .	Mr. Ehring said Mr. Kulp had been arrested before 1999 after breaking three limbs trying to flee the police on a parole violation and wanted to curry favor by telling the authorities about crimes that he said Mr. Golder had committed .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Alice moved to a home near Boston , pregnant with Hubbard 's daughter , Miriam -LRB- her condition was misreported in 1894 as '' nervous prostration '' -RRB- , and , after his scandalous divorce , eventually became the second Mrs. Hubbard .	Alice moved to a home near Boston , pregnant with Hubbard 's daughter , Miriam -LRB- her condition was misreported before 1895 as '' nervous prostration '' -RRB- , and , after his scandalous divorce , eventually became the second Mrs. Hubbard .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Government has pledged £ 627 million between 2005 and 2011 to improve school kitchens , train staff and help pay for ingredients .	The Government has pledged £ 627 million between 2004 and 2011 to improve school kitchens , train staff and help pay for ingredients .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The Government has pledged £ 627 million between 2005 and 2011 to improve school kitchens , train staff and help pay for ingredients .	The Government has pledged £ 627 million between 2006 and 2011 to improve school kitchens , train staff and help pay for ingredients .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	A federal plan in March allows buyers to deduct state and local sales taxes in their 2009 tax returns , while automakers themselves offer a plethora of cash-back and cut-rate financing deals .	A federal plan before april allows buyers to deduct state and local sales taxes in their 2009 tax returns , while automakers themselves offer a plethora of cash-back and cut-rate financing deals .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Vorderman was part of the original team on the words-and-numbers game show , which was the first programme to be broadcast when Channel 4 began in 1982 .	Vorderman was part of the original team on the words-and-numbers game show , which was the first programme to be broadcast when Channel 4 began before 1983 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Three years later , the committee was able to start working in earnest , its staff moving freely across the divide .	Three years time , the committee was able to start working in earnest , its staff moving freely across the divide .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The second-seeded Eagles -LRB- 22-8 -RRB- are making their third appearance in the title game and first since 2007 , while the No. 3 Midshipmen -LRB- 17-14 -RRB- are continuing to search for ways to advance past the semifinals .	The second-seeded Eagles -LRB- 22-8 -RRB- are making their third appearance in the title game and first since 2009 , while the No. 3 Midshipmen -LRB- 17-14 -RRB- are continuing to search for ways to advance past the semifinals .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The second-seeded Eagles -LRB- 22-8 -RRB- are making their third appearance in the title game and first since 2007 , while the No. 3 Midshipmen -LRB- 17-14 -RRB- are continuing to search for ways to advance past the semifinals .	The second-seeded Eagles -LRB- 22-8 -RRB- are making their third appearance in the title game and first before 2007 , while the No. 3 Midshipmen -LRB- 17-14 -RRB- are continuing to search for ways to advance past the semifinals .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	His last five-set match at Melbourne , a semifinal defeat to Marat Safin in 2005 , broke up his titles in ' 04 , ' 06 and ' 07 .	His last five-set match at Melbourne , a semifinal defeat to Marat Safin before 2006 , broke up his titles in ' 04 , ' 06 and ' 07 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He decided to more or less skip Iowa and New Hampshire , banking that support in bigger states like New York and Florida will bounce him back to the front of the field when voters there have a chance to chose their candidates at the end of the month .	He decided to more or less skip Iowa and New Hampshire , banking that support in bigger states like New York and Florida will bounce him back to the front of the field when voters there have a chance to chose their candidates after the end of the month .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Act II begins Thursday when Obama visits Iowa City , Iowa , where as a presidential candidate he announced his health care plan in May 2007 , to talk about how it will help lower health care costs for small businesses and families .	Act II begins Thursday when Obama visits Iowa City , Iowa , where as a presidential candidate he announced his health care plan before june 2007 , to talk about how it will help lower health care costs for small businesses and families .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	He was never caught , though many believe he was Arthur Leigh Allen , a convicted child molester who died in 1992 .	He was never caught , though many believe he was Arthur Leigh Allen , a convicted child molester who died before 1993 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Times reported that some of the methods were used against a small number of prisoners held at Guantanamo before 2005 , when Congress banned the use of such coercive practices by the military .	The Times reported that some of the methods were used against a small number of prisoners held at Guantanamo before 2004 , when Congress banned the use of such coercive practices by the military .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The Times reported that some of the methods were used against a small number of prisoners held at Guantanamo before 2005 , when Congress banned the use of such coercive practices by the military .	The Times reported that some of the methods were used against a small number of prisoners held at Guantanamo before 2006 , when Congress banned the use of such coercive practices by the military .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Times reported that some of the methods were used against a small number of prisoners held at Guantanamo before 2005 , when Congress banned the use of such coercive practices by the military .	The Times reported that some of the methods were used against a small number of prisoners held at Guantanamo at 2005 , when Congress banned the use of such coercive practices by the military .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A captain who overthrew the government in December 2008 , Camara has seen his domestic support progressively wither alongside rising African and international criticism .	A captain who overthrew the government before january 2008 , Camara has seen his domestic support progressively wither alongside rising African and international criticism .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The central defender started his professional career with Dundee in 1983 before going on to play for Blackburn Rovers , Manchester City , Rangers and Coventry City .	The central defender started his professional career with Dundee before 1984 before going on to play for Blackburn Rovers , Manchester City , Rangers and Coventry City .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The killings reached their highest level in 2010 , jumping by almost 60 percent to 15,273 deaths from 9,616 the previous year .	The killings reached their highest level before 2011 , jumping by almost 60 percent to 15,273 deaths from 9,616 the previous year .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	She met the poet Cecil Day-Lewis in 1948 and the two began an affair .	She met the poet Cecil Day-Lewis before 1949 and the two began an affair .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The second version of the hardware , the slender DS Lite , has been particularly popular ; in December , Nintendo sold 3 million in the United States , breaking the one-month sales record for any video-game console .	The second version of the hardware , the slender DS Lite , has been particularly popular ; before january , Nintendo sold 3 million in the United States , breaking the one-month sales record for any video-game console .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Late on a chilly October evening in 1991 , Jewish settlers commandeered 11 buildings in Silwan and dug in .	Late on a chilly October evening before 1992 , Jewish settlers commandeered 11 buildings in Silwan and dug in .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	By division , net sales at Ann Taylor were $ 216.3 million in the first half of 2009 , compared with net sales of $ 383.3 million in the first half of 2008 .	By division , net sales at Ann Taylor were $ 216.3 million before the first half of 2010 , compared with net sales of $ 383.3 million in the first half of 2008 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	At LOFT , net sales were $ 473.8 million in the first half of 2009 , compared with net sales of $ 594.1 million in the first half of 2008 .	At LOFT , net sales were $ 473.8 million before the first half of 2010 , compared with net sales of $ 594.1 million in the first half of 2008 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Marco Fella , 38 , admitted to hitting his 34-year-old girlfriend in the face with a piece of rope and biting her finger a few days later when she refused to wear thong underwear instead of her '' big pants , '' The Daily Mail reported Thursday .	Marco Fella , 38 , admitted to hitting his 34-year-old girlfriend in the face with a piece of rope and biting her finger a few days time when she refused to wear thong underwear instead of her '' big pants , '' The Daily Mail reported Thursday .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Nikola Gruevski , leader of the centre-right VMRO-DPMNE , was asked to form a government after elections in July 2006 .	Nikola Gruevski , leader of the centre-right VMRO-DPMNE , was asked to form a government after elections before august 2006 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	After years of neglect , the subterranean nerve center was restored and opened as a tourist attraction in 1984 .	After years of neglect , the subterranean nerve center was restored and opened as a tourist attraction before 1985 .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Defense experts said it was one of India 's biggest arms deals with the United States since the country 's independence from Britain in 1947 and heralded New Delhi 's shift towards being less dependent on Russia for military supplies .	Defense experts said it was one of India 's biggest arms deals with the United States since the country 's independence from Britain before 1948 and heralded New Delhi 's shift towards being less dependent on Russia for military supplies .	#promptID#	in	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	This meant China exported $ 41.4 bn -LRB- £ 21bn -RRB- more than it imported between January and March .	This meant China exported $ 41.4 bn -LRB- £ 21bn -RRB- more than it imported between december and March .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	This meant China exported $ 41.4 bn -LRB- £ 21bn -RRB- more than it imported between January and March .	This meant China exported $ 41.4 bn -LRB- £ 21bn -RRB- more than it imported between february and March .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A couple of minutes later , he left her a second voice-mail message to say that he was O.K. .	A couple of minutes time , he left her a second voice-mail message to say that he was O.K. .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	All four teams in Group F are separated by just a single point though with Barcelona , Rubin Kazan and Kyiv all on four points and Inter on three after three games .	All four teams in Group F are separated by just a single point though with Barcelona , Rubin Kazan and Kyiv all on four points and Inter on three at three games .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Across Africa -- where Obama is wildly popular -- people stayed up all night or woke before dawn Wednesday to watch the U.S. election results roll in .	Across Africa -- where Obama is wildly popular -- people stayed up all night or woke at dawn Wednesday to watch the U.S. election results roll in .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The companies have been locked in a legal tussle since last October , when Nokia sued Apple and said the iPhone maker was using its patented technologies without paying for them .	The companies have been locked in a legal tussle since last december , when Nokia sued Apple and said the iPhone maker was using its patented technologies without paying for them .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The companies have been locked in a legal tussle since last October , when Nokia sued Apple and said the iPhone maker was using its patented technologies without paying for them .	The companies have been locked in a legal tussle before last October , when Nokia sued Apple and said the iPhone maker was using its patented technologies without paying for them .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He told AFP that the state was studying the issue , and its first conclusions suggested the Finnish giant had hired '' between 200 and 400 '' less people than the 2,860 it promised to employ at Bochum between 2002 and 2005 .	He told AFP that the state was studying the issue , and its first conclusions suggested the Finnish giant had hired '' between 200 and 400 '' less people than the 2,860 it promised to employ before Bochum between 2003 and 2005 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He told AFP that the state was studying the issue , and its first conclusions suggested the Finnish giant had hired '' between 200 and 400 '' less people than the 2,860 it promised to employ at Bochum between 2002 and 2005 .	He told AFP that the state was studying the issue , and its first conclusions suggested the Finnish giant had hired '' between 200 and 400 '' less people than the 2,860 it promised to employ after Bochum between 2002 and 2005 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said on Tuesday he believed Gulf states would announce extra money for an IMF bailout fund at this month 's G20 summit in Washington on the world financial crisis .	British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said on Tuesday he believed Gulf states would announce extra money for an IMF bailout fund after this month 's G20 summit in Washington on the world financial crisis .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Anthony Eugene Notarstefano , 45 , of Long Beach has been in French custody since 2007 , when he was arrested after a Rue de Rome merchant , suspecting theft , checked the Internet and alerted police .	Anthony Eugene Notarstefano , 45 , of Long Beach has been in French custody since 2009 , when he was arrested after a Rue de Rome merchant , suspecting theft , checked the Internet and alerted police .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Anthony Eugene Notarstefano , 45 , of Long Beach has been in French custody since 2007 , when he was arrested after a Rue de Rome merchant , suspecting theft , checked the Internet and alerted police .	Anthony Eugene Notarstefano , 45 , of Long Beach has been in French custody before 2007 , when he was arrested after a Rue de Rome merchant , suspecting theft , checked the Internet and alerted police .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The credit crunch - the worst since the 1930s - has made it much more difficult for people to obtain such financing , and those that do can be socked with high rates .	The credit crunch - the worst before the 1930s - has made it much more difficult for people to obtain such financing , and those that do can be socked with high rates .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two months later he was hired and eventually became Obama 's director of faith outreach .	Two months time he was hired and eventually became Obama 's director of faith outreach .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The study involved 751 children enrolled in a Kaiser Permanente of Colorado health plan between 1996 and 2007 , including 156 who got whooping cough .	The study involved 751 children enrolled in a Kaiser Permanente of Colorado health plan between 1995 and 2007 , including 156 who got whooping cough .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The study involved 751 children enrolled in a Kaiser Permanente of Colorado health plan between 1996 and 2007 , including 156 who got whooping cough .	The study involved 751 children enrolled in a Kaiser Permanente of Colorado health plan between 1997 and 2007 , including 156 who got whooping cough .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ms Hyrkiewicz , 24 , was killed yards from where her boyfriend Eddie Coogan , 39 , had been shot dead by loyalists a week earlier .	Ms Hyrkiewicz , 24 , was killed yards from where her boyfriend Eddie Coogan , 39 , had been shot dead by loyalists a week time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The report said that a consultation will be launched into creating a '' contained contestable element '' of the BBC 's licence fee after 2013 .	The report said that a consultation will be launched into creating a '' contained contestable element '' of the BBC 's licence fee after 2014 .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The report said that a consultation will be launched into creating a '' contained contestable element '' of the BBC 's licence fee after 2013 .	The report said that a consultation will be launched into creating a '' contained contestable element '' of the BBC 's licence fee after 2012 .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The report said that a consultation will be launched into creating a '' contained contestable element '' of the BBC 's licence fee after 2013 .	The report said that a consultation will be launched into creating a '' contained contestable element '' of the BBC 's licence fee at 2013 .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It also got Sani re-elected ; indeed , he nearly ran for President four years later .	It also got Sani re-elected ; indeed , he nearly ran for President four years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The site has been under Israeli control since 1967 , but is administered by a Muslim religious body .	The site has been under Israeli control since 1969 , but is administered by a Muslim religious body .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The site has been under Israeli control since 1967 , but is administered by a Muslim religious body .	The site has been under Israeli control before 1967 , but is administered by a Muslim religious body .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Though Nichols wrote a dozen books on gardens , flowers and houses between 1932 -LRB- '' Down the Garden Path , '' with its delicious 18th-century-style drawings of putti with watering cans by Rex Whistler -RRB- and 1967 -LRB- '' The Art of Flower Arrangement '' -RRB- , it was Nichols 's first work that made publishing history and on which his fame in the domestic-arts genre rests . ''	Though Nichols wrote a dozen books on gardens , flowers and houses between 1931 -LRB- '' Down the Garden Path , '' with its delicious 18th-century-style drawings of putti with watering cans by Rex Whistler -RRB- and 1967 -LRB- '' The Art of Flower Arrangement '' -RRB- , it was Nichols 's first work that made publishing history and on which his fame in the domestic-arts genre rests . ''	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Though Nichols wrote a dozen books on gardens , flowers and houses between 1932 -LRB- '' Down the Garden Path , '' with its delicious 18th-century-style drawings of putti with watering cans by Rex Whistler -RRB- and 1967 -LRB- '' The Art of Flower Arrangement '' -RRB- , it was Nichols 's first work that made publishing history and on which his fame in the domestic-arts genre rests . ''	Though Nichols wrote a dozen books on gardens , flowers and houses between 1933 -LRB- '' Down the Garden Path , '' with its delicious 18th-century-style drawings of putti with watering cans by Rex Whistler -RRB- and 1967 -LRB- '' The Art of Flower Arrangement '' -RRB- , it was Nichols 's first work that made publishing history and on which his fame in the domestic-arts genre rests . ''	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	And then wondered if Mrs. Clinton has the courage and honesty to speak about how misogyny and even the word ' abortion ' breeds the anger that has divided our country so deeply since 1973 ?	And then wondered if Mrs. Clinton has the courage and honesty to speak about how misogyny and even the word ' abortion ' breeds the anger that has divided our country so deeply since 1975 ?	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And then wondered if Mrs. Clinton has the courage and honesty to speak about how misogyny and even the word ' abortion ' breeds the anger that has divided our country so deeply since 1973 ?	And then wondered if Mrs. Clinton has the courage and honesty to speak about how misogyny and even the word ' abortion ' breeds the anger that has divided our country so deeply before 1973 ?	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The ambitious measures taken in these exceptional measures are expected to put a floor under the fall in economic activity in middle of this year and allow the start of recovery at the beginning of next year , '' he added .	The ambitious measures taken in these exceptional measures are expected to put a floor under the fall in economic activity in middle of this year and allow the start of recovery after the beginning of next year , '' he added .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr Guo said there would be a price to pay for the flood of new state-directed bank lending that made up the bulk of China 's economic stimulus package last year , when banks extended Rmb9 ,600 bn -LRB- $ 1,400 bn -RRB- in new loans -- double the amount lent a year earlier .	Mr Guo said there would be a price to pay for the flood of new state-directed bank lending that made up the bulk of China 's economic stimulus package last year , when banks extended Rmb9 ,600 bn -LRB- $ 1,400 bn -RRB- in new loans -- double the amount lent a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Jeter , who was hitting .185 since May 18 , drove a fastball from Doug Brocail over the fence in right-center field to snap a 1-1 tie .	Jeter , who was hitting .185 since july 18 , drove a fastball from Doug Brocail over the fence in right-center field to snap a 1-1 tie .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Jeter , who was hitting .185 since May 18 , drove a fastball from Doug Brocail over the fence in right-center field to snap a 1-1 tie .	Jeter , who was hitting .185 before May 18 , drove a fastball from Doug Brocail over the fence in right-center field to snap a 1-1 tie .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Dalgleish had admitted committing the offence at his home in Sydney Place , Lockerbie , between 1 December last year and 12 February this year .	Dalgleish had admitted committing the offence at his home in Sydney Place , Lockerbie , between 0 December last year and 12 February this year .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Dalgleish had admitted committing the offence at his home in Sydney Place , Lockerbie , between 1 December last year and 12 February this year .	Dalgleish had admitted committing the offence at his home in Sydney Place , Lockerbie , between 2 December last year and 12 February this year .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ashley had been livid over remarks made by his manager after Monday 's 2-0 home defeat by Chelsea , after which Keegan suggested in an extraordinary interview that it was an impossibility for the club to challenge any of the Premier League 's top four in his lifetime because of the comparative lack of resources at his disposal , saying that Newcastle were '' a million miles '' away from the rivals they aspired to .	Ashley had been livid over remarks made by his manager at Monday 's 2-0 home defeat by Chelsea , after which Keegan suggested in an extraordinary interview that it was an impossibility for the club to challenge any of the Premier League 's top four in his lifetime because of the comparative lack of resources at his disposal , saying that Newcastle were '' a million miles '' away from the rivals they aspired to .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two months later Antonino Rotolo was arrested , leaving Lo Piccolo as the only remaining member of the top hierarchy who was at large , Grasso said .	Two months time Antonino Rotolo was arrested , leaving Lo Piccolo as the only remaining member of the top hierarchy who was at large , Grasso said .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	David Dalton-Brown , head of Fidelity Funds Network , said : '' Isa investors who are nervous about the stock market after January 's turbulence no longer have to lose this year 's tax breaks .	David Dalton-Brown , head of Fidelity Funds Network , said : '' Isa investors who are nervous about the stock market after february 's turbulence no longer have to lose this year 's tax breaks .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	David Dalton-Brown , head of Fidelity Funds Network , said : '' Isa investors who are nervous about the stock market after January 's turbulence no longer have to lose this year 's tax breaks .	David Dalton-Brown , head of Fidelity Funds Network , said : '' Isa investors who are nervous about the stock market after december 's turbulence no longer have to lose this year 's tax breaks .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	David Dalton-Brown , head of Fidelity Funds Network , said : '' Isa investors who are nervous about the stock market after January 's turbulence no longer have to lose this year 's tax breaks .	David Dalton-Brown , head of Fidelity Funds Network , said : '' Isa investors who are nervous about the stock market at January 's turbulence no longer have to lose this year 's tax breaks .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Music sources believe the figure is on the low side , since Yesterday has received 8 million plays on US radio alone and Sir Paul is paid for each '' spin . ''	Music sources believe the figure is on the low side , before Yesterday has received 8 million plays on US radio alone and Sir Paul is paid for each '' spin . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Neill insists he made his concerns clear to Capello and his medical staff before Wednesday 's friendly . ''	Neill insists he made his concerns clear to Capello and his medical staff at Wednesday 's friendly . ''	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	NEW DELHI , India -LRB- AP -RRB- -- The World Squash Doubles Championship scheduled to be held in India later this month has been postponed in response to security concerns after last week 's terrorist attacks in Mumbai .	NEW DELHI , India -LRB- AP -RRB- -- The World Squash Doubles Championship scheduled to be held in India later this month has been postponed in response to security concerns at last week 's terrorist attacks in Mumbai .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	-LRB- Hey , if Kirk and Spock could do it ... -RRB- Kenny 's representatives , with the backing of the Professional Footballers ' Association , argued at yesterday 's hearing that the sanction was disproportionate because he had not used the medicine to enhance performance . ''	-LRB- Hey , if Kirk and Spock could do it ... -RRB- Kenny 's representatives , with the backing of the Professional Footballers ' Association , argued after yesterday 's hearing that the sanction was disproportionate because he had not used the medicine to enhance performance . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The casino was shut down during the standoff but was allowed to reopen shortly after 5 a.m. Rio will only pay a final dividend this year if there are '' satisfactory trading results , '' but it expects to resume payments at their previous level in 2010 .	The casino was shut down during the standoff but was allowed to reopen shortly after 6 a.m. Rio will only pay a final dividend this year if there are '' satisfactory trading results , '' but it expects to resume payments at their previous level in 2010 .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The casino was shut down during the standoff but was allowed to reopen shortly after 5 a.m. Rio will only pay a final dividend this year if there are '' satisfactory trading results , '' but it expects to resume payments at their previous level in 2010 .	The casino was shut down during the standoff but was allowed to reopen shortly after 4 a.m. Rio will only pay a final dividend this year if there are '' satisfactory trading results , '' but it expects to resume payments at their previous level in 2010 .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The casino was shut down during the standoff but was allowed to reopen shortly after 5 a.m. Rio will only pay a final dividend this year if there are '' satisfactory trading results , '' but it expects to resume payments at their previous level in 2010 .	The casino was shut down during the standoff but was allowed to reopen shortly at 5 a.m. Rio will only pay a final dividend this year if there are '' satisfactory trading results , '' but it expects to resume payments at their previous level in 2010 .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	That means that the practical impact of yesterday 's decision will mostly come between now and 2012 , when the federal regulations kick in .	That means that the practical impact of yesterday 's decision will mostly come between now and 2011 , when the federal regulations kick in .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	That means that the practical impact of yesterday 's decision will mostly come between now and 2012 , when the federal regulations kick in .	That means that the practical impact of yesterday 's decision will mostly come between now and 2013 , when the federal regulations kick in .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Businesses are rushing to capitalise on improving sentiment towards rights issues , after a rebound in shares since March .	Businesses are rushing to capitalise on improving sentiment towards rights issues , after a rebound in shares since may .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Businesses are rushing to capitalise on improving sentiment towards rights issues , after a rebound in shares since March .	Businesses are rushing to capitalise on improving sentiment towards rights issues , after a rebound in shares before March .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few days later , Brown said , an angry Mangino ordered him to the sideline during practice and made a shockingly insensitive comment .	A few days time , Brown said , an angry Mangino ordered him to the sideline during practice and made a shockingly insensitive comment .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Simpson was arrested shortly after 11 a.m. , Capt. James Dillon said .	Simpson was arrested shortly after 12 a.m. , Capt. James Dillon said .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Simpson was arrested shortly after 11 a.m. , Capt. James Dillon said .	Simpson was arrested shortly after 10 a.m. , Capt. James Dillon said .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Simpson was arrested shortly after 11 a.m. , Capt. James Dillon said .	Simpson was arrested shortly at 11 a.m. , Capt. James Dillon said .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Gretchen Jackson said Churchill Downs was the best place to honor the colt , who won the Derby by a dominating 6 - 1 / 2 lengths before being injured in the Preakness two weeks later .	Gretchen Jackson said Churchill Downs was the best place to honor the colt , who won the Derby by a dominating 6 - 1 / 2 lengths before being injured in the Preakness two weeks time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In Scotland , where nearly 4,000 people died during a frenetic period of witch trials between 1590 and 1662 , one of the popular types of evidence used against suspects was the Devil 's Mark .	In Scotland , where nearly 4,000 people died during a frenetic period of witch trials between 1589 and 1662 , one of the popular types of evidence used against suspects was the Devil 's Mark .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	In Scotland , where nearly 4,000 people died during a frenetic period of witch trials between 1590 and 1662 , one of the popular types of evidence used against suspects was the Devil 's Mark .	In Scotland , where nearly 4,000 people died during a frenetic period of witch trials between 1591 and 1662 , one of the popular types of evidence used against suspects was the Devil 's Mark .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Leonard , who won the most recent of his 11 PGA Tour titles at last year 's Texas Open , believes he is close to the best form of his career .	Leonard , who won the most recent of his 11 PGA Tour titles after last year 's Texas Open , believes he is close to the best form of his career .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The five survivors were found several hours later about 23 miles south of Freeport , Texas , according to the Coast Guard 's press release .	The five survivors were found several hours time about 23 miles south of Freeport , Texas , according to the Coast Guard 's press release .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The show included uninspired reggae versions of the bossa nova standard '' Garota de Ipanema '' -LRB- '' The Girl From Ipanema '' -RRB- and George Harrison 's '' Something , '' as well as pickings from Mr. Gil 's own work since the late ' 70s , mostly not his best .	The show included uninspired reggae versions of the bossa nova standard '' Garota de Ipanema '' -LRB- '' The Girl From Ipanema '' -RRB- and George Harrison 's '' Something , '' as well as pickings from Mr. Gil 's own work before the late ' 70s , mostly not his best .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Repeated calls to the Weng ` an County Public Security Bureau were not answered or did not connect , and calls to the county government were not answered after midnight on Saturday .	Repeated calls to the Weng ` an County Public Security Bureau were not answered or did not connect , and calls to the county government were not answered at midnight on Saturday .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Police arrived minutes later , but the killer was gone .	Police arrived minutes time , but the killer was gone .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In the music room -LRB- top left -RRB- , modeled after 16th-century French chateaus , repainted ceiling beams now conceal sprinkler pipes .	In the music room -LRB- top left -RRB- , modeled at 16th-century French chateaus , repainted ceiling beams now conceal sprinkler pipes .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It is reported the car 's owner had left the Boxster just minutes earlier to use a cash machine and post a letter .	It is reported the car 's owner had left the Boxster just minutes time to use a cash machine and post a letter .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Both bands have gone from being unheard-of acts at the start of 2008 to performing sold-out UK shows .	Both bands have gone from being unheard-of acts before the start of 2009 to performing sold-out UK shows .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Both bands have gone from being unheard-of acts at the start of 2008 to performing sold-out UK shows .	Both bands have gone from being unheard-of acts after the start of 2008 to performing sold-out UK shows .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The van lost control and crashed into a fence and a utility pole on the A3057 , Romsey Road , at Kings Somborne , shortly after 0600 BST .	The van lost control and crashed into a fence and a utility pole on the A3057 , Romsey Road , at Kings Somborne , shortly after 601 BST .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The van lost control and crashed into a fence and a utility pole on the A3057 , Romsey Road , at Kings Somborne , shortly after 0600 BST .	The van lost control and crashed into a fence and a utility pole on the A3057 , Romsey Road , at Kings Somborne , shortly after 599 BST .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The van lost control and crashed into a fence and a utility pole on the A3057 , Romsey Road , at Kings Somborne , shortly after 0600 BST .	The van lost control and crashed into a fence and a utility pole on the A3057 , Romsey Road , at Kings Somborne , shortly at 0600 BST .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A week later , she acknowledged that she misspoke .	A week time , she acknowledged that she misspoke .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	On the statewide Maryland School Assessment , third-grade reading proficiency rose from 40 percent to 75 percent for Hispanics and from 48 percent to 73 percent for African Americans between 2003 and 2007 , narrowing -- but not erasing -- the gap . ''	On the statewide Maryland School Assessment , third-grade reading proficiency rose from 40 percent to 75 percent for Hispanics and from 48 percent to 73 percent for African Americans between 2002 and 2007 , narrowing -- but not erasing -- the gap . ''	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	On the statewide Maryland School Assessment , third-grade reading proficiency rose from 40 percent to 75 percent for Hispanics and from 48 percent to 73 percent for African Americans between 2003 and 2007 , narrowing -- but not erasing -- the gap . ''	On the statewide Maryland School Assessment , third-grade reading proficiency rose from 40 percent to 75 percent for Hispanics and from 48 percent to 73 percent for African Americans between 2004 and 2007 , narrowing -- but not erasing -- the gap . ''	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The heir to the British throne is visiting the world 's second-largest economy for the first time since 1970 , and his arrival coincides with plunging global markets and recession fears .	The heir to the British throne is visiting the world 's second-largest economy for the first time since 1972 , and his arrival coincides with plunging global markets and recession fears .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The heir to the British throne is visiting the world 's second-largest economy for the first time since 1970 , and his arrival coincides with plunging global markets and recession fears .	The heir to the British throne is visiting the world 's second-largest economy for the first time before 1970 , and his arrival coincides with plunging global markets and recession fears .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	After that fire was extinguished , two crews and an aerial ladder platform were called back to the building at about 1210 BST , the fire service said .	After that fire was extinguished , two crews and an aerial ladder platform were called back to the building before about 1211 BST , the fire service said .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	After that fire was extinguished , two crews and an aerial ladder platform were called back to the building at about 1210 BST , the fire service said .	After that fire was extinguished , two crews and an aerial ladder platform were called back to the building after about 1210 BST , the fire service said .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The child 's mother , who uses the single name Bhuri , was traveling with relatives on an overnight train when she went to the bathroom shortly before midnight Tuesday and unexpectedly gave birth to a baby girl , said Arjun Kumar , her brother-in-law .	The child 's mother , who uses the single name Bhuri , was traveling with relatives on an overnight train when she went to the bathroom shortly at midnight Tuesday and unexpectedly gave birth to a baby girl , said Arjun Kumar , her brother-in-law .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The channel -- www.youtube.com / theroyalchannel -- went live just after midnight last night and is a royal first .	The channel -- www.youtube.com / theroyalchannel -- went live just at midnight last night and is a royal first .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He was able to raise money starting June 22 , shortly before the reporting cutoff date at the end of the month .	He was able to raise money starting June 22 , shortly before the reporting cutoff date after the end of the month .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	of driveline systems , chassis systems and metal formed products since 1994 .	of driveline systems , chassis systems and metal formed products since 1996 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	of driveline systems , chassis systems and metal formed products since 1994 .	of driveline systems , chassis systems and metal formed products before 1994 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It was his floater in the lane that capped a 9-0 run for the visitors to open the second half and tie the score at 24-24 .	It was his floater in the lane that capped a 9-0 run for the visitors to open the second half and tie the score after 24-24 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	When contacted by a journalist at their home in Wapping , which is rented , Lady Uddin 's husband Komar said they had lived there since 1993 .	When contacted by a journalist at their home in Wapping , which is rented , Lady Uddin 's husband Komar said they had lived there since 1995 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	When contacted by a journalist at their home in Wapping , which is rented , Lady Uddin 's husband Komar said they had lived there since 1993 .	When contacted by a journalist at their home in Wapping , which is rented , Lady Uddin 's husband Komar said they had lived there before 1993 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	President Mahinda Rajapaksa called on Sri Lankans to '' remain vigilant against the forces of terror , '' after Friday 's first attack .	President Mahinda Rajapaksa called on Sri Lankans to '' remain vigilant against the forces of terror , '' at Friday 's first attack .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The incremental cost of funding since August will hold back its net interest income growth in the second half and result in a '' slightly lower '' group margin for the year than previously indicated .	The incremental cost of funding since october will hold back its net interest income growth in the second half and result in a '' slightly lower '' group margin for the year than previously indicated .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The incremental cost of funding since August will hold back its net interest income growth in the second half and result in a '' slightly lower '' group margin for the year than previously indicated .	The incremental cost of funding before August will hold back its net interest income growth in the second half and result in a '' slightly lower '' group margin for the year than previously indicated .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Stenhousemuir have been eyeing Coughlin since the weekend when they learned that he was unsettled with Berwick and had asked to be released from his contract .	Stenhousemuir have been eyeing Coughlin before the weekend when they learned that he was unsettled with Berwick and had asked to be released from his contract .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Prime ministers since 1921 have enjoyed the Buckinghamshireair during weekends at their country retreat , Chequers .	Prime ministers since 1923 have enjoyed the Buckinghamshireair during weekends at their country retreat , Chequers .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Prime ministers since 1921 have enjoyed the Buckinghamshireair during weekends at their country retreat , Chequers .	Prime ministers before 1921 have enjoyed the Buckinghamshireair during weekends at their country retreat , Chequers .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	About an hour later , Tiger Woods tapped in for a par that didn ' t mean a thing .	About an hour time , Tiger Woods tapped in for a par that didn ' t mean a thing .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A spokeswoman for Severn Trent Water said the pipe burst shortly after 0700 GMT .	A spokeswoman for Severn Trent Water said the pipe burst shortly after 701 GMT .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	A spokeswoman for Severn Trent Water said the pipe burst shortly after 0700 GMT .	A spokeswoman for Severn Trent Water said the pipe burst shortly after 699 GMT .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A spokeswoman for Severn Trent Water said the pipe burst shortly after 0700 GMT .	A spokeswoman for Severn Trent Water said the pipe burst shortly at 0700 GMT .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Nikolaus Wirsten carried out the attack at Shawfield Cemetery in Selkirk between 16 September and 16 October .	Nikolaus Wirsten carried out the attack at Shawfield Cemetery in Selkirk between 15 September and 16 October .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Nikolaus Wirsten carried out the attack at Shawfield Cemetery in Selkirk between 16 September and 16 October .	Nikolaus Wirsten carried out the attack at Shawfield Cemetery in Selkirk between 17 September and 16 October .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Polo , a compact hatchback , rolled off the lines at Volkswagen 's factory in Pune , an auto hub a few hours outside Mumbai , shortly before noon .	The Polo , a compact hatchback , rolled off the lines at Volkswagen 's factory in Pune , an auto hub a few hours outside Mumbai , shortly at noon .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The city 's sporting gloom was relieved at the weekend by magnificent spring sunshine , and a rare win for its Wizards basketball team , but that followed a record 15-game losing streak .	The city 's sporting gloom was relieved before the weekend by magnificent summer sunshine , and a rare win for its Wizards basketball team , but that followed a record 15-game losing streak .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The city 's sporting gloom was relieved at the weekend by magnificent spring sunshine , and a rare win for its Wizards basketball team , but that followed a record 15-game losing streak .	The city 's sporting gloom was relieved after the weekend by magnificent spring sunshine , and a rare win for its Wizards basketball team , but that followed a record 15-game losing streak .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Benitez has been discussing the four-year extension for months , with personal terms agreed before Christmas .	Benitez has been discussing the four-year extension for months , with personal terms agreed at Christmas .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	His teams looked at post-mortem reports and investigated all the circumstances surrounding sudden deaths in Seville between 2003 and 2006 .	His teams looked at post-mortem reports and investigated all the circumstances surrounding sudden deaths in Seville between 2002 and 2006 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	His teams looked at post-mortem reports and investigated all the circumstances surrounding sudden deaths in Seville between 2003 and 2006 .	His teams looked at post-mortem reports and investigated all the circumstances surrounding sudden deaths in Seville between 2004 and 2006 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Total investments were $ 28.3 billion at September 30 , 2010 , an increase of $ 7.3 billion , or 35.0 percent , compared with $ 20.9 billion at December 31 , 2009 .	Total investments were $ 28.3 billion before october 30 , 2010 , an increase of $ 7.3 billion , or 35.0 percent , compared with $ 20.9 billion at December 31 , 2009 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Total investments were $ 28.3 billion at September 30 , 2010 , an increase of $ 7.3 billion , or 35.0 percent , compared with $ 20.9 billion at December 31 , 2009 .	Total investments were $ 28.3 billion after September 30 , 2010 , an increase of $ 7.3 billion , or 35.0 percent , compared with $ 20.9 billion at December 31 , 2009 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	After losing the midterm elections last year , the Republicans had a chance to recalibrate their sunny economic picture they have been offering since 2002 .	After losing the midterm elections last year , the Republicans had a chance to recalibrate their sunny economic picture they have been offering since 2004 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	After losing the midterm elections last year , the Republicans had a chance to recalibrate their sunny economic picture they have been offering since 2002 .	After losing the midterm elections last year , the Republicans had a chance to recalibrate their sunny economic picture they have been offering before 2002 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	They died at the Gosport War Memorial Hospital -LRB- GWMH -RRB- between 1996 and 1999 .	They died at the Gosport War Memorial Hospital -LRB- GWMH -RRB- between 1995 and 1999 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	They died at the Gosport War Memorial Hospital -LRB- GWMH -RRB- between 1996 and 1999 .	They died at the Gosport War Memorial Hospital -LRB- GWMH -RRB- between 1997 and 1999 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The four-week moving average of new jobless claims , a less volatile unemployment measure , rose to 506,500 from 490,750 the week before , the highest since 1983 .	The four-week moving average of new jobless claims , a less volatile unemployment measure , rose to 506,500 from 490,750 the week before , the highest since 1985 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The four-week moving average of new jobless claims , a less volatile unemployment measure , rose to 506,500 from 490,750 the week before , the highest since 1983 .	The four-week moving average of new jobless claims , a less volatile unemployment measure , rose to 506,500 from 490,750 the week before , the highest before 1983 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Huge sums have been poured into intelligence both in America and in this country to plug the holes that existed before September 11 ; and while determined terrorists who have never come to anyone 's notice may get through , the least we can expect is that intelligence agencies work together in countering this danger .	Huge sums have been poured into intelligence both in America and in this country to plug the holes that existed before august 11 ; and while determined terrorists who have never come to anyone 's notice may get through , the least we can expect is that intelligence agencies work together in countering this danger .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Huge sums have been poured into intelligence both in America and in this country to plug the holes that existed before September 11 ; and while determined terrorists who have never come to anyone 's notice may get through , the least we can expect is that intelligence agencies work together in countering this danger .	Huge sums have been poured into intelligence both in America and in this country to plug the holes that existed before october 11 ; and while determined terrorists who have never come to anyone 's notice may get through , the least we can expect is that intelligence agencies work together in countering this danger .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Huge sums have been poured into intelligence both in America and in this country to plug the holes that existed before September 11 ; and while determined terrorists who have never come to anyone 's notice may get through , the least we can expect is that intelligence agencies work together in countering this danger .	Huge sums have been poured into intelligence both in America and in this country to plug the holes that existed at September 11 ; and while determined terrorists who have never come to anyone 's notice may get through , the least we can expect is that intelligence agencies work together in countering this danger .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Taylor is a large reason why the Huskies are a No. 1 seed at this week 's NCAA regionals in Bowling Green , Ky .	Taylor is a large reason why the Huskies are a No. 1 seed after this week 's NCAA regionals in Bowling Green , Ky .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It set the tone for a 5-under 67 , which left him two shots out of the lead after Thursday 's opening round .	It set the tone for a 5-under 67 , which left him two shots out of the lead at Thursday 's opening round .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The vulnerability of women protesters came to attention after last weekend 's shooting of Neda Soltan , who has become a symbol of the demonstrations since graphic film of her dying moments was beamed around the world after she was shot in Tehran 's Karegar Street .	The vulnerability of women protesters came to attention at last weekend 's shooting of Neda Soltan , who has become a symbol of the demonstrations since graphic film of her dying moments was beamed around the world after she was shot in Tehran 's Karegar Street .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Just as after 9 / 11 , we are asking the federal government to come to our assistance in a time of emergency , '' Paterson told Congress .	Just as after 10 / 11 , we are asking the federal government to come to our assistance in a time of emergency , '' Paterson told Congress .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Just as after 9 / 11 , we are asking the federal government to come to our assistance in a time of emergency , '' Paterson told Congress .	Just as after 8 / 11 , we are asking the federal government to come to our assistance in a time of emergency , '' Paterson told Congress .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Just as after 9 / 11 , we are asking the federal government to come to our assistance in a time of emergency , '' Paterson told Congress .	Just as at 9 / 11 , we are asking the federal government to come to our assistance in a time of emergency , '' Paterson told Congress .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr Ullah appeared to get into a row with two men in the Pizza King takeaway on Frodingham Road , shortly before 0100 BST on Sunday , police said .	Mr Ullah appeared to get into a row with two men in the Pizza King takeaway on Frodingham Road , shortly before 99 BST on Sunday , police said .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Mr Ullah appeared to get into a row with two men in the Pizza King takeaway on Frodingham Road , shortly before 0100 BST on Sunday , police said .	Mr Ullah appeared to get into a row with two men in the Pizza King takeaway on Frodingham Road , shortly before 101 BST on Sunday , police said .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr Ullah appeared to get into a row with two men in the Pizza King takeaway on Frodingham Road , shortly before 0100 BST on Sunday , police said .	Mr Ullah appeared to get into a row with two men in the Pizza King takeaway on Frodingham Road , shortly at 0100 BST on Sunday , police said .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But a week later in Oslo I had it .	But a week time in Oslo I had it .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The outages have driven U.S. gasoline inventories to their lowest levels since 1967 , and refinery utilization rates have sunk to their lowest rates on record . ''	The outages have driven U.S. gasoline inventories to their lowest levels since 1969 , and refinery utilization rates have sunk to their lowest rates on record . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The outages have driven U.S. gasoline inventories to their lowest levels since 1967 , and refinery utilization rates have sunk to their lowest rates on record . ''	The outages have driven U.S. gasoline inventories to their lowest levels before 1967 , and refinery utilization rates have sunk to their lowest rates on record . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The chances of them changing their mind at the last minute is not likely , '' he said .	The chances of them changing their mind after the last minute is not likely , '' he said .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	13 Aug 2007 : President Bush 's controversial chief political adviser , Karl Rove , is to leave the White House at the end of the month .	13 Aug 2007 : President Bush 's controversial chief political adviser , Karl Rove , is to leave the White House after the end of the month .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	On Thursday , troops were deployed to quell attacks - the first time soldiers have been used to stamp out unrest in South Africa since the 1994 end of apartheid .	On Thursday , troops were deployed to quell attacks - the first time soldiers have been used to stamp out unrest in South Africa since the 1996 end of apartheid .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	On Thursday , troops were deployed to quell attacks - the first time soldiers have been used to stamp out unrest in South Africa since the 1994 end of apartheid .	On Thursday , troops were deployed to quell attacks - the first time soldiers have been used to stamp out unrest in South Africa before the 1994 end of apartheid .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The defending NL West champions are 29-9 at Chavez Ravine since last year 's All-Star break , the best record in the majors during that stretch .	The defending NL West champions are 29-9 at Chavez Ravine before last year 's All-Star break , the best record in the majors during that stretch .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In some states such as Texas and Massachusetts , rates have risen more than 50 percent since deregulation occurred at the beginning of the decade .	In some states such as Texas and Massachusetts , rates have risen more than 50 percent since deregulation occurred after the beginning of the decade .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The crash happened near to the junction with Buttermere Avenue at about 1930 BST .	The crash happened near to the junction with Buttermere Avenue before about 1931 BST .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The crash happened near to the junction with Buttermere Avenue at about 1930 BST .	The crash happened near to the junction with Buttermere Avenue after about 1930 BST .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The write the rules and approve the voting machines after all ... My partner since 1982 was pregnant at the time , our some was home with a slight fever from his second day in first grade .	The write the rules and approve the voting machines after all ... My partner since 1984 was pregnant at the time , our some was home with a slight fever from his second day in first grade .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The write the rules and approve the voting machines after all ... My partner since 1982 was pregnant at the time , our some was home with a slight fever from his second day in first grade .	The write the rules and approve the voting machines after all ... My partner before 1982 was pregnant at the time , our some was home with a slight fever from his second day in first grade .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Nineteen others were wounded in the explosion , which happened just before 7 a.m. I couldn ' t get the Ashes on my iPhone so I was forced to try to concentrate on the game in front of me .	Nineteen others were wounded in the explosion , which happened just before 6 a.m. I couldn ' t get the Ashes on my iPhone so I was forced to try to concentrate on the game in front of me .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Nineteen others were wounded in the explosion , which happened just before 7 a.m. I couldn ' t get the Ashes on my iPhone so I was forced to try to concentrate on the game in front of me .	Nineteen others were wounded in the explosion , which happened just before 8 a.m. I couldn ' t get the Ashes on my iPhone so I was forced to try to concentrate on the game in front of me .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nineteen others were wounded in the explosion , which happened just before 7 a.m. I couldn ' t get the Ashes on my iPhone so I was forced to try to concentrate on the game in front of me .	Nineteen others were wounded in the explosion , which happened just at 7 a.m. I couldn ' t get the Ashes on my iPhone so I was forced to try to concentrate on the game in front of me .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	June 's dismal sales could be attributed to a number of factors , including an average rise in gas prices of 36 cents from May , a consumer confidence index that fell to 49.3 from 54.8 in May , and an unemployment rate of 9.5 percent , the highest since August , 1983 .	June 's dismal sales could be attributed to a number of factors , including an average rise in gas prices of 36 cents from May , a consumer confidence index that fell to 49.3 from 54.8 in May , and an unemployment rate of 9.5 percent , the highest since october , 1983 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	June 's dismal sales could be attributed to a number of factors , including an average rise in gas prices of 36 cents from May , a consumer confidence index that fell to 49.3 from 54.8 in May , and an unemployment rate of 9.5 percent , the highest since August , 1983 .	June 's dismal sales could be attributed to a number of factors , including an average rise in gas prices of 36 cents from May , a consumer confidence index that fell to 49.3 from 54.8 in May , and an unemployment rate of 9.5 percent , the highest before August , 1983 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	McDonough said Levert was pounding on his cell door so guards strapped him in a restraint chair ; Levert 's breathing became shallow and he was taken to Lutheran Hospital , where he died less than an hour later .	McDonough said Levert was pounding on his cell door so guards strapped him in a restraint chair ; Levert 's breathing became shallow and he was taken to Lutheran Hospital , where he died less than an hour time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But the Conservatives say the tax cuts will be unfunded - paid for by further borrowing , which shadow chancellor George Osborne warned at the weekend could create '' a proper sterling collapse . ''	But the Conservatives say the tax cuts will be unfunded - paid for by further borrowing , which shadow chancellor George Osborne warned after the weekend could create '' a proper sterling collapse . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The rolling poll was conducted Tuesday through Thursday , with most of the survey coming after Tuesday night 's combative debate in Ohio between the two Democrats that featured a series of sharp exchanges on health care , trade and Iraq . ''	The rolling poll was conducted Tuesday through Thursday , with most of the survey coming at Tuesday night 's combative debate in Ohio between the two Democrats that featured a series of sharp exchanges on health care , trade and Iraq . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A Post review shows that the K & L Gates clients winning Visclosky 's support , along with their lobbyists and investors , donated almost $ 200,000 to Visclosky and an additional $ 130,000 to the House Democratic campaign committee since 2005 .	A Post review shows that the K & L Gates clients winning Visclosky 's support , along with their lobbyists and investors , donated almost $ 200,000 to Visclosky and an additional $ 130,000 to the House Democratic campaign committee since 2007 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A Post review shows that the K & L Gates clients winning Visclosky 's support , along with their lobbyists and investors , donated almost $ 200,000 to Visclosky and an additional $ 130,000 to the House Democratic campaign committee since 2005 .	A Post review shows that the K & L Gates clients winning Visclosky 's support , along with their lobbyists and investors , donated almost $ 200,000 to Visclosky and an additional $ 130,000 to the House Democratic campaign committee before 2005 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It was three days later on a trip to Germany that Putin first reacted to the assassination .	It was three days time on a trip to Germany that Putin first reacted to the assassination .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Receipts submitted by Brown to parliamentary authorities between 2004 and 2006 disclosed that he paid his brother , who is a senior executive at EDF Energy , £ 6,577 for cleaning services .	Receipts submitted by Brown to parliamentary authorities between 2003 and 2006 disclosed that he paid his brother , who is a senior executive at EDF Energy , £ 6,577 for cleaning services .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Receipts submitted by Brown to parliamentary authorities between 2004 and 2006 disclosed that he paid his brother , who is a senior executive at EDF Energy , £ 6,577 for cleaning services .	Receipts submitted by Brown to parliamentary authorities between 2005 and 2006 disclosed that he paid his brother , who is a senior executive at EDF Energy , £ 6,577 for cleaning services .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The surge in iron ore production masked some weaker numbers for Rio Tinto , especially in aluminum , where output fell three percent in the quarter compared with a year earlier , as it continued to run some smelters below capacity .	The surge in iron ore production masked some weaker numbers for Rio Tinto , especially in aluminum , where output fell three percent in the quarter compared with a year time , as it continued to run some smelters below capacity .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	China-Taiwan ties have improved since May , when a new president on the island jump-started two-way dialogue .	China-Taiwan ties have improved since july , when a new president on the island jump-started two-way dialogue .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	China-Taiwan ties have improved since May , when a new president on the island jump-started two-way dialogue .	China-Taiwan ties have improved before May , when a new president on the island jump-started two-way dialogue .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In a filing for a stay of execution , Hood 's attorneys claimed that between 1997 and 2001 -- when Holland served on the appeals court -- she recused herself in four of every five cases from Collin County .	In a filing for a stay of execution , Hood 's attorneys claimed that between 1996 and 2001 -- when Holland served on the appeals court -- she recused herself in four of every five cases from Collin County .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	In a filing for a stay of execution , Hood 's attorneys claimed that between 1997 and 2001 -- when Holland served on the appeals court -- she recused herself in four of every five cases from Collin County .	In a filing for a stay of execution , Hood 's attorneys claimed that between 1998 and 2001 -- when Holland served on the appeals court -- she recused herself in four of every five cases from Collin County .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Police estimated the number of protesters at 20-30 , while environmental organization Greenpeace , which said it organized the action , said 55 volunteers had occupied the roof and planned to stay there overnight to greet lawmakers .	Police estimated the number of protesters after 20-30 , while environmental organization Greenpeace , which said it organized the action , said 55 volunteers had occupied the roof and planned to stay there overnight to greet lawmakers .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Swimming Australia banned the use of multiple swimsuits after last year 's Beijing Olympics because of concerns about extra buoyancy .	Swimming Australia banned the use of multiple swimsuits at last year 's Beijing Olympics because of concerns about extra buoyancy .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The company said the surface paint on certain toys and parts made in China between January 2005 and April 2006 contained lead , affecting 23 retailers .	The company said the surface paint on certain toys and parts made in China between december 2005 and April 2006 contained lead , affecting 23 retailers .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The company said the surface paint on certain toys and parts made in China between January 2005 and April 2006 contained lead , affecting 23 retailers .	The company said the surface paint on certain toys and parts made in China between february 2005 and April 2006 contained lead , affecting 23 retailers .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I promised my mother to be back before Christmas , '' he said . ''	I promised my mother to be back at Christmas , '' he said . ''	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A small amount of cash was also stolen from the man during the ordeal which began at 2050 GMT .	A small amount of cash was also stolen from the man during the ordeal which began before 2051 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A small amount of cash was also stolen from the man during the ordeal which began at 2050 GMT .	A small amount of cash was also stolen from the man during the ordeal which began after 2050 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	More than 200 gardens open between January and March , with many of the snowdrop gardens , such as East Lambrook Manor in Somerset , created by plantswoman Margery Fish and restored over the past decade , and Brandy Mount House in Hampshire , opening this weekend . ''	More than 200 gardens open between december and March , with many of the snowdrop gardens , such as East Lambrook Manor in Somerset , created by plantswoman Margery Fish and restored over the past decade , and Brandy Mount House in Hampshire , opening this weekend . ''	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	More than 200 gardens open between January and March , with many of the snowdrop gardens , such as East Lambrook Manor in Somerset , created by plantswoman Margery Fish and restored over the past decade , and Brandy Mount House in Hampshire , opening this weekend . ''	More than 200 gardens open between february and March , with many of the snowdrop gardens , such as East Lambrook Manor in Somerset , created by plantswoman Margery Fish and restored over the past decade , and Brandy Mount House in Hampshire , opening this weekend . ''	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But Obama has since the start of the year gone ahead with decisions opposed by Beijing -- including approving a 6.4-billion-dollar arms package to Taiwan , which China regards as its territory awaiting reunification .	But Obama has before the start of the year gone ahead with decisions opposed by Beijing -- including approving a 6.4-billion-dollar arms package to Taiwan , which China regards as its territory awaiting reunification .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Christmas and New Year beach parties were banned on security grounds last year after November 's deadly attacks up the coast in Mumbai which led to a flood of cancellations from foreign tourists fearful of another strike .	Christmas and New Year beach parties were banned on security grounds last year after december 's deadly attacks up the coast in Mumbai which led to a flood of cancellations from foreign tourists fearful of another strike .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Christmas and New Year beach parties were banned on security grounds last year after November 's deadly attacks up the coast in Mumbai which led to a flood of cancellations from foreign tourists fearful of another strike .	Christmas and New Year beach parties were banned on security grounds last year after october 's deadly attacks up the coast in Mumbai which led to a flood of cancellations from foreign tourists fearful of another strike .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Christmas and New Year beach parties were banned on security grounds last year after November 's deadly attacks up the coast in Mumbai which led to a flood of cancellations from foreign tourists fearful of another strike .	Christmas and New Year beach parties were banned on security grounds last year at November 's deadly attacks up the coast in Mumbai which led to a flood of cancellations from foreign tourists fearful of another strike .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	That was the best official reading for job losses since December 2007 when the economy entered recession , raising hopes for a revival of US energy demand .	That was the best official reading for job losses since february 2007 when the economy entered recession , raising hopes for a revival of US energy demand .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That was the best official reading for job losses since December 2007 when the economy entered recession , raising hopes for a revival of US energy demand .	That was the best official reading for job losses before December 2007 when the economy entered recession , raising hopes for a revival of US energy demand .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Under President George W. Bush , taxpayer money for that research was limited to a small number of stem cell lines that were created before Aug .	Under President George W. Bush , taxpayer money for that research was limited to a small number of stem cell lines that were created at Aug .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	His dissatisfied boss Silvio Berlusconi plainly didn ' t think so when he handed him his P45 in Florence at the weekend , and that wasn ' t the most difficult decision to understand .	His dissatisfied boss Silvio Berlusconi plainly didn ' t think so when he handed him his P45 in Florence after the weekend , and that wasn ' t the most difficult decision to understand .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Former kickboxer Skelton had his first professional boxing match at the age of 35 , but a little over two years later he had claimed the British and Commonwealth heavyweight titles .	Former kickboxer Skelton had his first professional boxing match at the age of 35 , but a little over two years time he had claimed the British and Commonwealth heavyweight titles .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	By contrast , Acorn is said to have received a total of $ 53 million in federal funds since 1994 .	By contrast , Acorn is said to have received a total of $ 53 million in federal funds since 1996 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	By contrast , Acorn is said to have received a total of $ 53 million in federal funds since 1994 .	By contrast , Acorn is said to have received a total of $ 53 million in federal funds before 1994 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Daniel Agger , the Liverpool defender , has suffered a recurrence of the metatarsal injury which has kept him sidelined since September .	Daniel Agger , the Liverpool defender , has suffered a recurrence of the metatarsal injury which has kept him sidelined since november .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Daniel Agger , the Liverpool defender , has suffered a recurrence of the metatarsal injury which has kept him sidelined since September .	Daniel Agger , the Liverpool defender , has suffered a recurrence of the metatarsal injury which has kept him sidelined before September .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He will also be helping to steer national policy on health care , trying to improve access , affordability and quality all at once .	He will also be helping to steer national policy on health care , trying to improve access , affordability and quality all after once .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A statewide cap limits how much property taxes can rise , and before Tuesday voters had not approved a statewide income tax increase in nearly 80 years . ''	A statewide cap limits how much property taxes can rise , and at Tuesday voters had not approved a statewide income tax increase in nearly 80 years . ''	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	I don ' t want to make any conclusions before December .	I don ' t want to make any conclusions before november .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	I don ' t want to make any conclusions before December .	I don ' t want to make any conclusions before january .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I don ' t want to make any conclusions before December .	I don ' t want to make any conclusions at December .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The cost of jet fuel has jumped 60 percent since the start of the year , '' he told ABC radio .	The cost of jet fuel has jumped 60 percent before the start of the year , '' he told ABC radio .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Its figures show a 66.5 % increase in the number of students applying to medical school between 2004 and 2008 . ''	Its figures show a 66.5 % increase in the number of students applying to medical school between 2003 and 2008 . ''	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Its figures show a 66.5 % increase in the number of students applying to medical school between 2004 and 2008 . ''	Its figures show a 66.5 % increase in the number of students applying to medical school between 2005 and 2008 . ''	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Despite the growing credit crisis , there were 600,000 more members of the global millionaires ' club than there were a year earlier .	Despite the growing credit crisis , there were 600,000 more members of the global millionaires ' club than there were a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Motlanthe is expected to step down after next year 's elections and Zuma to take over as president . ''	Motlanthe is expected to step down at next year 's elections and Zuma to take over as president . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	-LRB- AP -RRB- - A southern Oregon community long involved in battling wildfires was plunged into mourning with word that seven of the nine people killed in a Northern California helicopter crash were employees of a local company that has mustered contract firefighting crews since 1979 .	-LRB- AP -RRB- - A southern Oregon community long involved in battling wildfires was plunged into mourning with word that seven of the nine people killed in a Northern California helicopter crash were employees of a local company that has mustered contract firefighting crews since 1981 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	-LRB- AP -RRB- - A southern Oregon community long involved in battling wildfires was plunged into mourning with word that seven of the nine people killed in a Northern California helicopter crash were employees of a local company that has mustered contract firefighting crews since 1979 .	-LRB- AP -RRB- - A southern Oregon community long involved in battling wildfires was plunged into mourning with word that seven of the nine people killed in a Northern California helicopter crash were employees of a local company that has mustered contract firefighting crews before 1979 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Our study shows that even moderately high cholesterol levels in your 40s puts people at greater risk for Alzheimer 's disease and vascular dementia decades later , '' senior author Rachel Whitmer , a Kaiser Permanente epidemiologist , said in a statement .	Our study shows that even moderately high cholesterol levels in your 40s puts people at greater risk for Alzheimer 's disease and vascular dementia decades time , '' senior author Rachel Whitmer , a Kaiser Permanente epidemiologist , said in a statement .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A sailors ' forum on the Internet quoted the U.S. National Intelligence Agency as saying the distress signal was picked up at 0133 GMT -LRB- 9 : 33 p.m. Sadly , a few of them were duff ones .	A sailors ' forum on the Internet quoted the U.S. National Intelligence Agency as saying the distress signal was picked up before 134 GMT -LRB- 9 : 33 p.m. Sadly , a few of them were duff ones .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A sailors ' forum on the Internet quoted the U.S. National Intelligence Agency as saying the distress signal was picked up at 0133 GMT -LRB- 9 : 33 p.m. Sadly , a few of them were duff ones .	A sailors ' forum on the Internet quoted the U.S. National Intelligence Agency as saying the distress signal was picked up after 0133 GMT -LRB- 9 : 33 p.m. Sadly , a few of them were duff ones .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The U.S. military attributes the decrease in violence to three main factors : the so-called '' surge '' of U.S. troops , implemented at the beginning of 2007 ; the Sunni '' Awakening '' movements , in which local communities turned against al Qaeda in Iraq ; and the ceasefire announced by radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr .	The U.S. military attributes the decrease in violence to three main factors : the so-called '' surge '' of U.S. troops , implemented before the beginning of 2008 ; the Sunni '' Awakening '' movements , in which local communities turned against al Qaeda in Iraq ; and the ceasefire announced by radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The U.S. military attributes the decrease in violence to three main factors : the so-called '' surge '' of U.S. troops , implemented at the beginning of 2007 ; the Sunni '' Awakening '' movements , in which local communities turned against al Qaeda in Iraq ; and the ceasefire announced by radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr .	The U.S. military attributes the decrease in violence to three main factors : the so-called '' surge '' of U.S. troops , implemented after the beginning of 2007 ; the Sunni '' Awakening '' movements , in which local communities turned against al Qaeda in Iraq ; and the ceasefire announced by radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	While the University of Michigan survey was upbeat -- the sharpest month-to-month gain since January 2004 -- at 73.1 , the index was well below levels during the 1990-91 and 2001 recessions .	While the University of Michigan survey was upbeat -- the sharpest month-to-month gain since march 2004 -- at 73.1 , the index was well below levels during the 1990-91 and 2001 recessions .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	While the University of Michigan survey was upbeat -- the sharpest month-to-month gain since January 2004 -- at 73.1 , the index was well below levels during the 1990-91 and 2001 recessions .	While the University of Michigan survey was upbeat -- the sharpest month-to-month gain before January 2004 -- at 73.1 , the index was well below levels during the 1990-91 and 2001 recessions .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	For black contractors , the recent cancellation of a $ 75 million home demolition contract for small businesses , in the works since October 2005 , has become an incendiary decision .	For black contractors , the recent cancellation of a $ 75 million home demolition contract for small businesses , in the works since december 2005 , has become an incendiary decision .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	For black contractors , the recent cancellation of a $ 75 million home demolition contract for small businesses , in the works since October 2005 , has become an incendiary decision .	For black contractors , the recent cancellation of a $ 75 million home demolition contract for small businesses , in the works before October 2005 , has become an incendiary decision .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It happened just before Christmas , as these things usually do .	It happened just at Christmas , as these things usually do .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Provisions in a 410-billion-dollar '' Omnibus '' budget package approved March 10 by the Senate included a measure to loosen some restrictions on commerce with Cuba , including one that since 2005 had forced Cuba to pay '' cash in advance '' for US food imports .	Provisions in a 410-billion-dollar '' Omnibus '' budget package approved March 10 by the Senate included a measure to loosen some restrictions on commerce with Cuba , including one that since 2007 had forced Cuba to pay '' cash in advance '' for US food imports .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Provisions in a 410-billion-dollar '' Omnibus '' budget package approved March 10 by the Senate included a measure to loosen some restrictions on commerce with Cuba , including one that since 2005 had forced Cuba to pay '' cash in advance '' for US food imports .	Provisions in a 410-billion-dollar '' Omnibus '' budget package approved March 10 by the Senate included a measure to loosen some restrictions on commerce with Cuba , including one that before 2005 had forced Cuba to pay '' cash in advance '' for US food imports .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Weeks later , when cells have multiplied to form tissues , the nose will be surgically implanted ; over the ensuing months , the scaffold will dissolve and be resorbed into the body .	Weeks time , when cells have multiplied to form tissues , the nose will be surgically implanted ; over the ensuing months , the scaffold will dissolve and be resorbed into the body .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Jennings , whose 82-yard touchdown catch on the first play of overtime lifted Green Bay -LRB- 7-1 -RRB- past Denver six days earlier , went streaking down the middle of the field .	Jennings , whose 82-yard touchdown catch on the first play of overtime lifted Green Bay -LRB- 7-1 -RRB- past Denver six days time , went streaking down the middle of the field .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Federal Election Commission announced yesterday that McCain has become the first 2008 presidential candidate to be declared eligible to receive federal matching funds , which could amount to up to $ 21 million for use between next January and the end-of-summer conventions .	The Federal Election Commission announced yesterday that McCain has become the first 2008 presidential candidate to be declared eligible to receive federal matching funds , which could amount to up to $ 21 million for use between next december and the end-of-summer conventions .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The Federal Election Commission announced yesterday that McCain has become the first 2008 presidential candidate to be declared eligible to receive federal matching funds , which could amount to up to $ 21 million for use between next January and the end-of-summer conventions .	The Federal Election Commission announced yesterday that McCain has become the first 2008 presidential candidate to be declared eligible to receive federal matching funds , which could amount to up to $ 21 million for use between next february and the end-of-summer conventions .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Moreover , since 2006 , Democratic leaders embraced a campaign strategy of attempting to expand their numbers by encroaching into conservative districts and states : The 50-state strategy .	Moreover , since 2008 , Democratic leaders embraced a campaign strategy of attempting to expand their numbers by encroaching into conservative districts and states : The 50-state strategy .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Moreover , since 2006 , Democratic leaders embraced a campaign strategy of attempting to expand their numbers by encroaching into conservative districts and states : The 50-state strategy .	Moreover , before 2006 , Democratic leaders embraced a campaign strategy of attempting to expand their numbers by encroaching into conservative districts and states : The 50-state strategy .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Married at the end of last year to a girl he met at school , Zersenay has bought a house in the capital and drives a smart , black 4x4 that looks flash next to the more humble vehicles usually seen on the streets here .	Married after the end of last year to a girl he met at school , Zersenay has bought a house in the capital and drives a smart , black 4x4 that looks flash next to the more humble vehicles usually seen on the streets here .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The yen traded at 97.65 to the dollar yesterday , close to levels not seen since 1995 .	The yen traded at 97.65 to the dollar yesterday , close to levels not seen since 1997 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The yen traded at 97.65 to the dollar yesterday , close to levels not seen since 1995 .	The yen traded at 97.65 to the dollar yesterday , close to levels not seen before 1995 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Tensions are running high in Mosul , where U.S. and Iraqi troops have been trying since last spring to rout insurgents from Iraq 's third largest city .	Tensions are running high in Mosul , where U.S. and Iraqi troops have been trying since last autumn to rout insurgents from Iraq 's third largest city .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Tensions are running high in Mosul , where U.S. and Iraqi troops have been trying since last spring to rout insurgents from Iraq 's third largest city .	Tensions are running high in Mosul , where U.S. and Iraqi troops have been trying before last spring to rout insurgents from Iraq 's third largest city .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He agreed to a three-year , $ 13 million deal with the Dodgers two weeks later . ''	He agreed to a three-year , $ 13 million deal with the Dodgers two weeks time . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The one hint came in a testimonial at the end from Amy , filmed after Mr. Goldstein 's death , in which she praises him for saving her and says she is still drug-free six months later .	The one hint came in a testimonial at the end from Amy , filmed after Mr. Goldstein 's death , in which she praises him for saving her and says she is still drug-free six months time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	First quarter capital spending on an industry-wide basis fell to 12.59 trillion yen , or $ 131 billion , down 25.3 percent from the same period of last year , the largest such decline since the 2002 third quarter , Kyodo News reported .	First quarter capital spending on an industry-wide basis fell to 12.59 trillion yen , or $ 131 billion , down 25.3 percent from the same period of last year , the largest such decline since the 2004 third quarter , Kyodo News reported .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	First quarter capital spending on an industry-wide basis fell to 12.59 trillion yen , or $ 131 billion , down 25.3 percent from the same period of last year , the largest such decline since the 2002 third quarter , Kyodo News reported .	First quarter capital spending on an industry-wide basis fell to 12.59 trillion yen , or $ 131 billion , down 25.3 percent from the same period of last year , the largest such decline before the 2002 third quarter , Kyodo News reported .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	However , Bromley dropped from a four to a three-star rating since 2006 .	However , Bromley dropped from a four to a three-star rating since 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	However , Bromley dropped from a four to a three-star rating since 2006 .	However , Bromley dropped from a four to a three-star rating before 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Minutes later , hassled by United Way volunteers , the woman wanders off to catch a train .	Minutes time , hassled by United Way volunteers , the woman wanders off to catch a train .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Capello will name an initial squad on Wednesday or Thursday this week before announcing the final squad at the weekend .	Capello will name an initial squad on Wednesday or Thursday this week before announcing the final squad after the weekend .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Binger noted that one weak spot since last fall on Wall Street -- the financial sector -- is now faced with a new worry of higher interest rates while still trying to navigate a tight credit market and fallout from bad bets on now-souring home loans .	Binger noted that one weak spot before last fall on Wall Street -- the financial sector -- is now faced with a new worry of higher interest rates while still trying to navigate a tight credit market and fallout from bad bets on now-souring home loans .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The results of the PoliticsHome survey -- which polled 1,225 people via email earlier this week -- are in line with other recent polls .	The results of the PoliticsHome survey -- which polled 1,225 people via email time this week -- are in line with other recent polls .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The museum has used a former British Linen Bank building in Cameron Square since 1926 .	The museum has used a former British Linen Bank building in Cameron Square since 1928 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The museum has used a former British Linen Bank building in Cameron Square since 1926 .	The museum has used a former British Linen Bank building in Cameron Square before 1926 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 63-year-old woman was found in a house in Crosshill near Lochgelly at about 2130 GMT on Friday .	The 63-year-old woman was found in a house in Crosshill near Lochgelly before about 2131 GMT on Friday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The 63-year-old woman was found in a house in Crosshill near Lochgelly at about 2130 GMT on Friday .	The 63-year-old woman was found in a house in Crosshill near Lochgelly after about 2130 GMT on Friday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	When Eclipse came out a year later , the publisher printed a million copies . ''	When Eclipse came out a year time , the publisher printed a million copies . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	-LRB- It 's working for him : He 's won a Grammy for best bluegrass album four times since 1998 . -RRB-	-LRB- It 's working for him : He 's won a Grammy for best bluegrass album four times since 2000 . -RRB-	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	-LRB- It 's working for him : He 's won a Grammy for best bluegrass album four times since 1998 . -RRB-	-LRB- It 's working for him : He 's won a Grammy for best bluegrass album four times before 1998 . -RRB-	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	If you have demanding networking tasks in mind , with many users all streaming various kinds of media at once , for example , you will likely want a more robust 802.11 n product .	If you have demanding networking tasks in mind , with many users all streaming various kinds of media after once , for example , you will likely want a more robust 802.11 n product .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Predicted severe gale force weather conditions also meant the company had to cancel sailings between Douglas and Liverpool at 1000 BST and 1900 BST .	Predicted severe gale force weather conditions also meant the company had to cancel sailings between Douglas and Liverpool before 1001 BST and 1900 BST .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Predicted severe gale force weather conditions also meant the company had to cancel sailings between Douglas and Liverpool at 1000 BST and 1900 BST .	Predicted severe gale force weather conditions also meant the company had to cancel sailings between Douglas and Liverpool after 1000 BST and 1900 BST .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The start is worst for the Scarlet Knights since 2002 , when they finished 1-11 in Schiano 's second season .	The start is worst for the Scarlet Knights since 2004 , when they finished 1-11 in Schiano 's second season .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The start is worst for the Scarlet Knights since 2002 , when they finished 1-11 in Schiano 's second season .	The start is worst for the Scarlet Knights before 2002 , when they finished 1-11 in Schiano 's second season .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Nasa has 10 more construction and resupply missions to the space station planned before 2010 when its shuttle fleet is due to be retired .	Nasa has 10 more construction and resupply missions to the space station planned before 2009 when its shuttle fleet is due to be retired .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Nasa has 10 more construction and resupply missions to the space station planned before 2010 when its shuttle fleet is due to be retired .	Nasa has 10 more construction and resupply missions to the space station planned before 2011 when its shuttle fleet is due to be retired .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nasa has 10 more construction and resupply missions to the space station planned before 2010 when its shuttle fleet is due to be retired .	Nasa has 10 more construction and resupply missions to the space station planned at 2010 when its shuttle fleet is due to be retired .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The weather bureau said Parma , with gusts of up to 230 kph -LRB- 143 mph -RRB- at the center , will be the strongest typhoon to hit the country since 2006 .	The weather bureau said Parma , with gusts of up to 230 kph -LRB- 143 mph -RRB- at the center , will be the strongest typhoon to hit the country since 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The weather bureau said Parma , with gusts of up to 230 kph -LRB- 143 mph -RRB- at the center , will be the strongest typhoon to hit the country since 2006 .	The weather bureau said Parma , with gusts of up to 230 kph -LRB- 143 mph -RRB- at the center , will be the strongest typhoon to hit the country before 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The decline was concentrated in 3G handsets and base stations , he said , adding that demand for entry-level products in emerging markets has remained consistent with initial expectations at the beginning of the first quarter .	The decline was concentrated in 3G handsets and base stations , he said , adding that demand for entry-level products in emerging markets has remained consistent with initial expectations after the beginning of the first quarter .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The EU and France have both said highlighted safety concerns over Yemenia planes and said the jet that crashed had not flown into EU airspace since 2007 .	The EU and France have both said highlighted safety concerns over Yemenia planes and said the jet that crashed had not flown into EU airspace since 2009 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The EU and France have both said highlighted safety concerns over Yemenia planes and said the jet that crashed had not flown into EU airspace since 2007 .	The EU and France have both said highlighted safety concerns over Yemenia planes and said the jet that crashed had not flown into EU airspace before 2007 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Carlson resembled Gunness , was about the same age , and there was no record of her before 1908 , Simmons said .	Carlson resembled Gunness , was about the same age , and there was no record of her before 1907 , Simmons said .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Carlson resembled Gunness , was about the same age , and there was no record of her before 1908 , Simmons said .	Carlson resembled Gunness , was about the same age , and there was no record of her before 1909 , Simmons said .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Carlson resembled Gunness , was about the same age , and there was no record of her before 1908 , Simmons said .	Carlson resembled Gunness , was about the same age , and there was no record of her at 1908 , Simmons said .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He returned the hospitality at last week 's Russia v Wales World Cup qualifier in Cardiff .	He returned the hospitality after last week 's Russia v Wales World Cup qualifier in Cardiff .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Indeed , since 2007 China has cut back dramatically on purchases of Russian military hardware -- largely because the People 's Liberation Army had worked out how to produce its own close copies of Russian military aircraft , space-launch vehicles , submarines , and warships .	Indeed , since 2009 China has cut back dramatically on purchases of Russian military hardware -- largely because the People 's Liberation Army had worked out how to produce its own close copies of Russian military aircraft , space-launch vehicles , submarines , and warships .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Indeed , since 2007 China has cut back dramatically on purchases of Russian military hardware -- largely because the People 's Liberation Army had worked out how to produce its own close copies of Russian military aircraft , space-launch vehicles , submarines , and warships .	Indeed , before 2007 China has cut back dramatically on purchases of Russian military hardware -- largely because the People 's Liberation Army had worked out how to produce its own close copies of Russian military aircraft , space-launch vehicles , submarines , and warships .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr Lee suffered chest and head injuries in the incident and died in Frenchay hospital a few days later .	Mr Lee suffered chest and head injuries in the incident and died in Frenchay hospital a few days time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	And the director 's filmography , as printed in the Berlinale catalogue , was scarcely more forthcoming : four short films between 1992 and 1996 , then a 13-year silence .	And the director 's filmography , as printed in the Berlinale catalogue , was scarcely more forthcoming : four short films between 1991 and 1996 , then a 13-year silence .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	And the director 's filmography , as printed in the Berlinale catalogue , was scarcely more forthcoming : four short films between 1992 and 1996 , then a 13-year silence .	And the director 's filmography , as printed in the Berlinale catalogue , was scarcely more forthcoming : four short films between 1993 and 1996 , then a 13-year silence .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	For the first time since 1990 and only the second time since 1967 , there were no wide receivers taken in the first round .	For the first time since 1992 and only the second time since 1967 , there were no wide receivers taken in the first round .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	For the first time since 1990 and only the second time since 1967 , there were no wide receivers taken in the first round .	For the first time before 1990 and only the second time since 1967 , there were no wide receivers taken in the first round .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	More than 5 feet of snow that fell since Wednesday made it tough for both rescuers and snowboarders who spent the night on the mountain .	More than 5 feet of snow that fell before Wednesday made it tough for both rescuers and snowboarders who spent the night on the mountain .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	1 , he said his administration would reassess the plan at the end of 2010 , after all the troops deployed as part of the increase were in place .	1 , he said his administration would reassess the plan before the end of 2011 , after all the troops deployed as part of the increase were in place .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	1 , he said his administration would reassess the plan at the end of 2010 , after all the troops deployed as part of the increase were in place .	1 , he said his administration would reassess the plan after the end of 2010 , after all the troops deployed as part of the increase were in place .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It was the first time the Dow rose for five consecutive sessions since July 2007 , and the biggest five-day percentage gain over five sessions since Aug . ''	It was the first time the Dow rose for five consecutive sessions since september 2007 , and the biggest five-day percentage gain over five sessions since Aug . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It was the first time the Dow rose for five consecutive sessions since July 2007 , and the biggest five-day percentage gain over five sessions since Aug . ''	It was the first time the Dow rose for five consecutive sessions before July 2007 , and the biggest five-day percentage gain over five sessions since Aug . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	How about allowing a freshman quarterback who hadn ' t thrown a pass since November to pick apart the supposedly invincible SEC defense ?	How about allowing a freshman quarterback who hadn ' t thrown a pass since january to pick apart the supposedly invincible SEC defense ?	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	How about allowing a freshman quarterback who hadn ' t thrown a pass since November to pick apart the supposedly invincible SEC defense ?	How about allowing a freshman quarterback who hadn ' t thrown a pass before November to pick apart the supposedly invincible SEC defense ?	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But since the 1990s , he says , the Fanjuls and other sugar manufacturers have cleaned up their acts .	But before the 1990s , he says , the Fanjuls and other sugar manufacturers have cleaned up their acts .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	According to Oil & Gas UK , expenditure on North Sea exploration was down 70 percent at the start of 2009 compared to a year earlier .	According to Oil & Gas UK , expenditure on North Sea exploration was down 70 percent before the start of 2010 compared to a year earlier .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	According to Oil & Gas UK , expenditure on North Sea exploration was down 70 percent at the start of 2009 compared to a year earlier .	According to Oil & Gas UK , expenditure on North Sea exploration was down 70 percent after the start of 2009 compared to a year earlier .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The state 's winter wheat seedings for this year were estimated at 170,000 acres -- up 50,000 acres from last year and the most acreage seeded since 2001 , according to USDA , which projects a 6 percent increase nationwide in domestic wheat use .	The state 's winter wheat seedings for this year were estimated at 170,000 acres -- up 50,000 acres from last year and the most acreage seeded since 2003 , according to USDA , which projects a 6 percent increase nationwide in domestic wheat use .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The state 's winter wheat seedings for this year were estimated at 170,000 acres -- up 50,000 acres from last year and the most acreage seeded since 2001 , according to USDA , which projects a 6 percent increase nationwide in domestic wheat use .	The state 's winter wheat seedings for this year were estimated at 170,000 acres -- up 50,000 acres from last year and the most acreage seeded before 2001 , according to USDA , which projects a 6 percent increase nationwide in domestic wheat use .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	As a result , between 1990 and 2000 , the prison population swelled by about 80 percent , increasing by as much as 86,000 per year .	As a result , between 1989 and 2000 , the prison population swelled by about 80 percent , increasing by as much as 86,000 per year .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	As a result , between 1990 and 2000 , the prison population swelled by about 80 percent , increasing by as much as 86,000 per year .	As a result , between 1991 and 2000 , the prison population swelled by about 80 percent , increasing by as much as 86,000 per year .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	London was already on heightened alert because just two weeks earlier , four British-Muslim men took bombs on three trains and a bus killing themselves and taking 52 innocent citizens with them .	London was already on heightened alert because just two weeks time , four British-Muslim men took bombs on three trains and a bus killing themselves and taking 52 innocent citizens with them .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Wade -- who also had 10 assists -- made a 3-pointer with 2 : 36 left in overtime to tie the game at 110 , then dove over the first row of seats in a futile effort to grab a loose ball a minute later .	Wade -- who also had 10 assists -- made a 3-pointer with 2 : 36 left in overtime to tie the game at 110 , then dove over the first row of seats in a futile effort to grab a loose ball a minute time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	On Wednesday night officers investigating the murder of Moira Jones , whose body was discovered less than a day earlier in the city 's Queen 's Park , stopped and questioned more than 1,000 people in the area .	On Wednesday night officers investigating the murder of Moira Jones , whose body was discovered less than a day time in the city 's Queen 's Park , stopped and questioned more than 1,000 people in the area .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Work to replace the 60-year-old tracks will mean replacement bus services being used at times between 27 October and 12 November . ''	Work to replace the 60-year-old tracks will mean replacement bus services being used at times between 26 October and 12 November . ''	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Work to replace the 60-year-old tracks will mean replacement bus services being used at times between 27 October and 12 November . ''	Work to replace the 60-year-old tracks will mean replacement bus services being used at times between 28 October and 12 November . ''	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	3 and most likely the New Hampshire primary several days later .	3 and most likely the New Hampshire primary several days time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sales during the quarter rose 9.6 percent to a record 16.68 trillion won -LRB- $ 18.16 billion -RRB- from 15.22 trillion won a year earlier , the company said . ''	Sales during the quarter rose 9.6 percent to a record 16.68 trillion won -LRB- $ 18.16 billion -RRB- from 15.22 trillion won a year time , the company said . ''	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	LOS ANGELES -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - The Backstreet Boys began as a group of wide-eyed teenagers but 16 years later , after battles with drug addiction and the loss of loved ones , believe their seventh album shows they have matured .	LOS ANGELES -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - The Backstreet Boys began as a group of wide-eyed teenagers but 16 years time , after battles with drug addiction and the loss of loved ones , believe their seventh album shows they have matured .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	His solicitors were forced to issue a statement some six months later to say that he was '' extremely well , '' composing new songs at his home in Italy .	His solicitors were forced to issue a statement some six months time to say that he was '' extremely well , '' composing new songs at his home in Italy .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	October / November temperatures have increased by 34ºC -LRB- 1.2 ºC -RRB- since 1914 while sunshine has also increased by 10 per cent .	October / November temperatures have increased by 34ºC -LRB- 1.2 ºC -RRB- since 1916 while sunshine has also increased by 10 per cent .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	October / November temperatures have increased by 34ºC -LRB- 1.2 ºC -RRB- since 1914 while sunshine has also increased by 10 per cent .	October / November temperatures have increased by 34ºC -LRB- 1.2 ºC -RRB- before 1914 while sunshine has also increased by 10 per cent .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Some experts had suggested the number of insolvencies would have fallen over the last quarter of last year as consumers deferred dealing with their debts until after Christmas .	Some experts had suggested the number of insolvencies would have fallen over the last quarter of last year as consumers deferred dealing with their debts until at Christmas .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr Smith told the jury that Mrs Hall was the final victim of a killing spree between June and December 2002 in which Mr Norris carried out four murders and one attempted murder at two hospitals in Leeds .	Mr Smith told the jury that Mrs Hall was the final victim of a killing spree between may and December 2002 in which Mr Norris carried out four murders and one attempted murder at two hospitals in Leeds .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Mr Smith told the jury that Mrs Hall was the final victim of a killing spree between June and December 2002 in which Mr Norris carried out four murders and one attempted murder at two hospitals in Leeds .	Mr Smith told the jury that Mrs Hall was the final victim of a killing spree between july and December 2002 in which Mr Norris carried out four murders and one attempted murder at two hospitals in Leeds .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Prince threads four through long-on , a sweetly struck stroke at this hour of the morning .	Prince threads four through long-on , a sweetly struck stroke after this hour of the morning .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	You may not know it , but most of the evidence you have ever seen published on this subject relates to people whose circumstances were forged in the period before 1997 .	You may not know it , but most of the evidence you have ever seen published on this subject relates to people whose circumstances were forged in the period before 1996 .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	You may not know it , but most of the evidence you have ever seen published on this subject relates to people whose circumstances were forged in the period before 1997 .	You may not know it , but most of the evidence you have ever seen published on this subject relates to people whose circumstances were forged in the period before 1998 .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	You may not know it , but most of the evidence you have ever seen published on this subject relates to people whose circumstances were forged in the period before 1997 .	You may not know it , but most of the evidence you have ever seen published on this subject relates to people whose circumstances were forged in the period at 1997 .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The police officer who died would have celebrated his 45th birthday at the weekend .	The police officer who died would have celebrated his 45th birthday after the weekend .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I was smoking , hanging around street corners , staying out after midnight , trying to be a real Jack-the-lad .	I was smoking , hanging around street corners , staying out at midnight , trying to be a real Jack-the-lad .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The stubborn Bulldogs , surprise winners last weekend at the SEC Tournament in tornado damaged Atlanta , stayed ahead before Dante Jacksonʼs three-pointer with 7 : 23 remaining gave Xavier the lead for good at 52-49 .	The stubborn Bulldogs , surprise winners last weekend after the SEC Tournament in tornado damaged Atlanta , stayed ahead before Dante Jacksonʼs three-pointer with 7 : 23 remaining gave Xavier the lead for good at 52-49 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	That , at least , is the conclusion from the third round of the cabinet-level Strategic Economic Dialogue between December 12th and 13th .	That , at least , is the conclusion from the third round of the cabinet-level Strategic Economic Dialogue between november 12th and 13th .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	That , at least , is the conclusion from the third round of the cabinet-level Strategic Economic Dialogue between December 12th and 13th .	That , at least , is the conclusion from the third round of the cabinet-level Strategic Economic Dialogue between january 12th and 13th .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The State Department has considered it a '' country of particular concern '' since 2004 , and the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom considers religious freedom to be non-existent in the Arab kingdom .	The State Department has considered it a '' country of particular concern '' since 2006 , and the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom considers religious freedom to be non-existent in the Arab kingdom .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The State Department has considered it a '' country of particular concern '' since 2004 , and the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom considers religious freedom to be non-existent in the Arab kingdom .	The State Department has considered it a '' country of particular concern '' before 2004 , and the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom considers religious freedom to be non-existent in the Arab kingdom .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Spaniard has been at odds since January with the club 's owners George Gillett and Tom Hicks , demanding greater control over football issues including his transfer budget and the club 's Academy .	The Spaniard has been at odds since march with the club 's owners George Gillett and Tom Hicks , demanding greater control over football issues including his transfer budget and the club 's Academy .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Spaniard has been at odds since January with the club 's owners George Gillett and Tom Hicks , demanding greater control over football issues including his transfer budget and the club 's Academy .	The Spaniard has been at odds before January with the club 's owners George Gillett and Tom Hicks , demanding greater control over football issues including his transfer budget and the club 's Academy .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The second-quarter loss of $ 309 million or $ 5.20 per share compares with a net profit of $ 35.8 million , or 62 cents per share , a year earlier .	The second-quarter loss of $ 309 million or $ 5.20 per share compares with a net profit of $ 35.8 million , or 62 cents per share , a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Stockholders ' equity was $ 1.2 billion , or 5.61 % of total assets at March 31 , 2009 .	Stockholders ' equity was $ 1.2 billion , or 5.61 % of total assets before april 31 , 2009 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Stockholders ' equity was $ 1.2 billion , or 5.61 % of total assets at March 31 , 2009 .	Stockholders ' equity was $ 1.2 billion , or 5.61 % of total assets after March 31 , 2009 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Astoria Federal continues to maintain capital ratios in excess of regulatory requirements with core , tangible and risk-based capital ratios of 6.55 % , 6.55 % and 12.45 % , respectively , at March 31 , 2009 .	Astoria Federal continues to maintain capital ratios in excess of regulatory requirements with core , tangible and risk-based capital ratios of 6.55 % , 6.55 % and 12.45 % , respectively , before april 31 , 2009 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Astoria Federal continues to maintain capital ratios in excess of regulatory requirements with core , tangible and risk-based capital ratios of 6.55 % , 6.55 % and 12.45 % , respectively , at March 31 , 2009 .	Astoria Federal continues to maintain capital ratios in excess of regulatory requirements with core , tangible and risk-based capital ratios of 6.55 % , 6.55 % and 12.45 % , respectively , after March 31 , 2009 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hours earlier , the Chicago Bulls selected Rose , who grew up on the city 's South Side , with the No. 1 pick , choosing the Memphis guard over Kansas State forward Michael Beasley .	Hours time , the Chicago Bulls selected Rose , who grew up on the city 's South Side , with the No. 1 pick , choosing the Memphis guard over Kansas State forward Michael Beasley .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	France will hold the rotating EU presidency during the Games while hosting the Dalai Lama for the first time since 2003 as the spiritual leader delivers Buddhist lectures in the western city of Nantes . ''	France will hold the rotating EU presidency during the Games while hosting the Dalai Lama for the first time since 2005 as the spiritual leader delivers Buddhist lectures in the western city of Nantes . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	France will hold the rotating EU presidency during the Games while hosting the Dalai Lama for the first time since 2003 as the spiritual leader delivers Buddhist lectures in the western city of Nantes . ''	France will hold the rotating EU presidency during the Games while hosting the Dalai Lama for the first time before 2003 as the spiritual leader delivers Buddhist lectures in the western city of Nantes . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Indian navy has been conducting anti-piracy patrols in the Gulf of Aden since October 23 to protect Indian merchant vessels on the route .	The Indian navy has been conducting anti-piracy patrols in the Gulf of Aden since december 23 to protect Indian merchant vessels on the route .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Indian navy has been conducting anti-piracy patrols in the Gulf of Aden since October 23 to protect Indian merchant vessels on the route .	The Indian navy has been conducting anti-piracy patrols in the Gulf of Aden before October 23 to protect Indian merchant vessels on the route .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Senate committee 's chairman , West Virginia Democrat Jay Rockefeller , has known Toyota 's founding family since the 1960s and helped land a Toyota engine plant in Buffalo , W.Va .	The Senate committee 's chairman , West Virginia Democrat Jay Rockefeller , has known Toyota 's founding family before the 1960s and helped land a Toyota engine plant in Buffalo , W.Va .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Bowles has headed ConocoPhillips Alaska since November 2004 and oversaw about 900 employees in the state , spokeswoman Natalie Lowman said .	Bowles has headed ConocoPhillips Alaska since january 2004 and oversaw about 900 employees in the state , spokeswoman Natalie Lowman said .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Bowles has headed ConocoPhillips Alaska since November 2004 and oversaw about 900 employees in the state , spokeswoman Natalie Lowman said .	Bowles has headed ConocoPhillips Alaska before November 2004 and oversaw about 900 employees in the state , spokeswoman Natalie Lowman said .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Taking into account both the accelerated retirements and scheduled deliveries , Continental 's fleet count will shrink to 356 aircraft in September 2008 and 344 aircraft at the end of 2009 .	Taking into account both the accelerated retirements and scheduled deliveries , Continental 's fleet count will shrink to 356 aircraft in September 2008 and 344 aircraft before the end of 2010 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Taking into account both the accelerated retirements and scheduled deliveries , Continental 's fleet count will shrink to 356 aircraft in September 2008 and 344 aircraft at the end of 2009 .	Taking into account both the accelerated retirements and scheduled deliveries , Continental 's fleet count will shrink to 356 aircraft in September 2008 and 344 aircraft after the end of 2009 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr Gifford expects the appeal to cost £ 500,000 on top of the £ 2 million that the Government has already spent , and has been told to expect no ruling before next summer at the earliest .	Mr Gifford expects the appeal to cost £ 500,000 on top of the £ 2 million that the Government has already spent , and has been told to expect no ruling before next spring at the earliest .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Mr Gifford expects the appeal to cost £ 500,000 on top of the £ 2 million that the Government has already spent , and has been told to expect no ruling before next summer at the earliest .	Mr Gifford expects the appeal to cost £ 500,000 on top of the £ 2 million that the Government has already spent , and has been told to expect no ruling before next autumn at the earliest .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr Gifford expects the appeal to cost £ 500,000 on top of the £ 2 million that the Government has already spent , and has been told to expect no ruling before next summer at the earliest .	Mr Gifford expects the appeal to cost £ 500,000 on top of the £ 2 million that the Government has already spent , and has been told to expect no ruling at next summer at the earliest .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The fighting involved the Islamic Army , a nationalist group that has been hostile to al Qaeda since June and has fought the Sunni Islamist group in areas of Baghdad and some Sunni towns .	The fighting involved the Islamic Army , a nationalist group that has been hostile to al Qaeda since august and has fought the Sunni Islamist group in areas of Baghdad and some Sunni towns .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The fighting involved the Islamic Army , a nationalist group that has been hostile to al Qaeda since June and has fought the Sunni Islamist group in areas of Baghdad and some Sunni towns .	The fighting involved the Islamic Army , a nationalist group that has been hostile to al Qaeda before June and has fought the Sunni Islamist group in areas of Baghdad and some Sunni towns .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Six years later , when this event had been cited many times by commentators concerned about tabloid influence - even '' government by tabloid '' - Brendan O ` Neill , editor of Spiked Online , did a definitive breakdown for the BBC of what actually happened : there was no baying mob , no threat of violence .	Six years time , when this event had been cited many times by commentators concerned about tabloid influence - even '' government by tabloid '' - Brendan O ` Neill , editor of Spiked Online , did a definitive breakdown for the BBC of what actually happened : there was no baying mob , no threat of violence .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Lorentz ' 72-year-old mother Shirley Mae Almer died just before Christmas after falling ill from salmonella in a Minnesota nursing home . ''	Lorentz ' 72-year-old mother Shirley Mae Almer died just at Christmas after falling ill from salmonella in a Minnesota nursing home . ''	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The pair took Rhianna to Musgrove Park Hospital in Taunton but she died three weeks later at Bristol Children 's Hospital .	The pair took Rhianna to Musgrove Park Hospital in Taunton but she died three weeks time at Bristol Children 's Hospital .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	So , on the evening after the night before , North Korean television viewers were able to see a recording of the victorious , if perhaps dull , 0-0 away draw to Saudi Arabia .	So , on the evening at the night before , North Korean television viewers were able to see a recording of the victorious , if perhaps dull , 0-0 away draw to Saudi Arabia .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	His death took the number of UK service personnel killed on operations in Afghanistan since October 2001 to 185 .	His death took the number of UK service personnel killed on operations in Afghanistan since december 2001 to 185 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	His death took the number of UK service personnel killed on operations in Afghanistan since October 2001 to 185 .	His death took the number of UK service personnel killed on operations in Afghanistan before October 2001 to 185 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	During the market downturn between October 2007 and March , investors pulled about $ 200 billion out of U.S. stock funds , said Vincent Deluard of TrimTabs Investment Research , which tracks flows .	During the market downturn between september 2007 and March , investors pulled about $ 200 billion out of U.S. stock funds , said Vincent Deluard of TrimTabs Investment Research , which tracks flows .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	During the market downturn between October 2007 and March , investors pulled about $ 200 billion out of U.S. stock funds , said Vincent Deluard of TrimTabs Investment Research , which tracks flows .	During the market downturn between november 2007 and March , investors pulled about $ 200 billion out of U.S. stock funds , said Vincent Deluard of TrimTabs Investment Research , which tracks flows .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	I had been living in it since 1962 so I was delighted in 1985 when my landlord said he wanted to sell it .	I had been living in it since 1964 so I was delighted in 1985 when my landlord said he wanted to sell it .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I had been living in it since 1962 so I was delighted in 1985 when my landlord said he wanted to sell it .	I had been living in it before 1962 so I was delighted in 1985 when my landlord said he wanted to sell it .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They virtually have had the run of the city since Tuesday , when police and army troops made little effort to block them from triumphant , motorized rallies through central Bangkok .	They virtually have had the run of the city before Tuesday , when police and army troops made little effort to block them from triumphant , motorized rallies through central Bangkok .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But Livni spokesman Arye Mekel said after Wednesday 's attack that Israel would continue to provide the supplies necessary to avoid a humanitarian crisis .	But Livni spokesman Arye Mekel said at Wednesday 's attack that Israel would continue to provide the supplies necessary to avoid a humanitarian crisis .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The move is the latest in a series intended to distance the party from the misbehaviour of Iris Robinson , whom it expelled at the weekend .	The move is the latest in a series intended to distance the party from the misbehaviour of Iris Robinson , whom it expelled after the weekend .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas walked away from the peace talks to protest the fighting in Hamas-controlled Gaza , in which at least 117 Palestinians and three Israelis died since Wednesday .	Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas walked away from the peace talks to protest the fighting in Hamas-controlled Gaza , in which at least 117 Palestinians and three Israelis died before Wednesday .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	After talks with incoming festival chief Alexander Pereira and long deliberations , Hinterhaeuser has decided that he will no longer be available as head of concert programming after 2011 , '' the festival said in a short statement .	After talks with incoming festival chief Alexander Pereira and long deliberations , Hinterhaeuser has decided that he will no longer be available as head of concert programming after 2012 , '' the festival said in a short statement .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	After talks with incoming festival chief Alexander Pereira and long deliberations , Hinterhaeuser has decided that he will no longer be available as head of concert programming after 2011 , '' the festival said in a short statement .	After talks with incoming festival chief Alexander Pereira and long deliberations , Hinterhaeuser has decided that he will no longer be available as head of concert programming after 2010 , '' the festival said in a short statement .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	After talks with incoming festival chief Alexander Pereira and long deliberations , Hinterhaeuser has decided that he will no longer be available as head of concert programming after 2011 , '' the festival said in a short statement .	After talks with incoming festival chief Alexander Pereira and long deliberations , Hinterhaeuser has decided that he will no longer be available as head of concert programming at 2011 , '' the festival said in a short statement .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The proposed legislation , which is expected to be introduced before the end of the year , probably will be discussed at a CalPERS board meeting Monday .	The proposed legislation , which is expected to be introduced at the end of the year , probably will be discussed at a CalPERS board meeting Monday .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	However in Newham , by far the heaviest user of section 60 , with 13,347 searches between April and October last year , knife crime fell by 7.7 % .	However in Newham , by far the heaviest user of section 60 , with 13,347 searches between march and October last year , knife crime fell by 7.7 % .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	However in Newham , by far the heaviest user of section 60 , with 13,347 searches between April and October last year , knife crime fell by 7.7 % .	However in Newham , by far the heaviest user of section 60 , with 13,347 searches between may and October last year , knife crime fell by 7.7 % .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A week earlier against Arkansas , Woodson set the national major college mark of consecutive passes thrown without an interception , surpassing Trent Dilfer 's record of 271 .	A week time against Arkansas , Woodson set the national major college mark of consecutive passes thrown without an interception , surpassing Trent Dilfer 's record of 271 .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Fifteen minutes later , Mr. Huckabee had signed him up , Mr. Rollins recently recalled .	Fifteen minutes time , Mr. Huckabee had signed him up , Mr. Rollins recently recalled .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Instead , since 1987 , '' NOVA : Doctors ' Diaries '' has chronicled the journey of a group of Harvard Medical School students , from the first sunny days on campus through grueling years of residencies .	Instead , since 1989 , '' NOVA : Doctors ' Diaries '' has chronicled the journey of a group of Harvard Medical School students , from the first sunny days on campus through grueling years of residencies .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Instead , since 1987 , '' NOVA : Doctors ' Diaries '' has chronicled the journey of a group of Harvard Medical School students , from the first sunny days on campus through grueling years of residencies .	Instead , before 1987 , '' NOVA : Doctors ' Diaries '' has chronicled the journey of a group of Harvard Medical School students , from the first sunny days on campus through grueling years of residencies .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A scything break by Bowe at the start of the second half created the platform for more sustained pressure by the Lions but the tourists failed to make it count when they conceded a penalty underneath the Springboks ' posts .	A scything break by Bowe after the start of the second half created the platform for more sustained pressure by the Lions but the tourists failed to make it count when they conceded a penalty underneath the Springboks ' posts .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It has been on the drawing board since 1990 .	It has been on the drawing board since 1992 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It has been on the drawing board since 1990 .	It has been on the drawing board before 1990 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	His confirmation has been pending since February .	His confirmation has been pending since april .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	His confirmation has been pending since February .	His confirmation has been pending before February .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Robert Watt , also from Edinburgh , was presented with a general service medal with a Palestine clasp for the two years he spent in the army between 1946 and 1948 .	Robert Watt , also from Edinburgh , was presented with a general service medal with a Palestine clasp for the two years he spent in the army between 1945 and 1948 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Robert Watt , also from Edinburgh , was presented with a general service medal with a Palestine clasp for the two years he spent in the army between 1946 and 1948 .	Robert Watt , also from Edinburgh , was presented with a general service medal with a Palestine clasp for the two years he spent in the army between 1947 and 1948 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The announcement came at the end of a day in which the troubled bank had yet again seen customers queue for hours since early morning to withdraw their savings .	The announcement came at the end of a day in which the troubled bank had yet again seen customers queue for hours before early morning to withdraw their savings .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	, skies cleared and the winds were calm as two helicopters and searchers on skis searched for two snowboarders missing since last weekend amid brutal weather in the southwestern Colorado mountains .	, skies cleared and the winds were calm as two helicopters and searchers on skis searched for two snowboarders missing before last weekend amid brutal weather in the southwestern Colorado mountains .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	For those women who reach their state pension age on or after 6 April 2010 , the number of qualifying years of national insurance -LRB- NI -RRB- payments needed for the full basic state pension -LRB- BSP -RRB- of £ 97.65 a week will reduce from its present level of 39 years to 30 .	For those women who reach their state pension age on or after 7 April 2010 , the number of qualifying years of national insurance -LRB- NI -RRB- payments needed for the full basic state pension -LRB- BSP -RRB- of £ 97.65 a week will reduce from its present level of 39 years to 30 .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	For those women who reach their state pension age on or after 6 April 2010 , the number of qualifying years of national insurance -LRB- NI -RRB- payments needed for the full basic state pension -LRB- BSP -RRB- of £ 97.65 a week will reduce from its present level of 39 years to 30 .	For those women who reach their state pension age on or after 5 April 2010 , the number of qualifying years of national insurance -LRB- NI -RRB- payments needed for the full basic state pension -LRB- BSP -RRB- of £ 97.65 a week will reduce from its present level of 39 years to 30 .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	For those women who reach their state pension age on or after 6 April 2010 , the number of qualifying years of national insurance -LRB- NI -RRB- payments needed for the full basic state pension -LRB- BSP -RRB- of £ 97.65 a week will reduce from its present level of 39 years to 30 .	For those women who reach their state pension age on or at 6 April 2010 , the number of qualifying years of national insurance -LRB- NI -RRB- payments needed for the full basic state pension -LRB- BSP -RRB- of £ 97.65 a week will reduce from its present level of 39 years to 30 .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	US retail sales fell unexpectedly by 0.3 per cent between November and December to $ 353.0 billion , providing a stark reminder that not all consumers are buying into the idea of economic recovery .	US retail sales fell unexpectedly by 0.3 per cent between october and December to $ 353.0 billion , providing a stark reminder that not all consumers are buying into the idea of economic recovery .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	US retail sales fell unexpectedly by 0.3 per cent between November and December to $ 353.0 billion , providing a stark reminder that not all consumers are buying into the idea of economic recovery .	US retail sales fell unexpectedly by 0.3 per cent between december and December to $ 353.0 billion , providing a stark reminder that not all consumers are buying into the idea of economic recovery .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	On a national basis , home prices peaked in mid-2006 after rising 86 percent since January 2000 , according to the First American index .	On a national basis , home prices peaked in mid-2006 after rising 86 percent since march 2000 , according to the First American index .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	On a national basis , home prices peaked in mid-2006 after rising 86 percent since January 2000 , according to the First American index .	On a national basis , home prices peaked in mid-2006 after rising 86 percent before January 2000 , according to the First American index .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	McDonald 's has been boosting sales each year in Japan after slashing prices on burgers and some dessert items to 100 yen , or $ 1 , since 2005 .	McDonald 's has been boosting sales each year in Japan after slashing prices on burgers and some dessert items to 100 yen , or $ 1 , since 2007 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	McDonald 's has been boosting sales each year in Japan after slashing prices on burgers and some dessert items to 100 yen , or $ 1 , since 2005 .	McDonald 's has been boosting sales each year in Japan after slashing prices on burgers and some dessert items to 100 yen , or $ 1 , before 2005 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Vikings -LRB- 6-5 -RRB- then scored a little over a minute later on a 3-yard run by Chester Taylor and had a 17-7 lead by the end of the first quarter .	The Vikings -LRB- 6-5 -RRB- then scored a little over a minute time on a 3-yard run by Chester Taylor and had a 17-7 lead by the end of the first quarter .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The nominations were read out earlier this month by rap star LL Cool J. Beyonce is one of the acts confirmed to perform at next years Grammy Awards in LA .	The nominations were read out earlier this month by rap star LL Cool J. Beyonce is one of the acts confirmed to perform after next years Grammy Awards in LA .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Saints had led early in the second half after two Stephen Myler penalties and a try from flanker Phil Dowson before Irish surged two scores clear following an intercept try from Peter Hewat .	The Saints had led early in the second half at two Stephen Myler penalties and a try from flanker Phil Dowson before Irish surged two scores clear following an intercept try from Peter Hewat .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	On Monday October 19th Apple stunned even the most bullish investors by posting its best quarterly results ever : third-quarter revenues came in at $ 9.9 billion -- 24 % higher than the same period a year earlier .	On Monday October 19th Apple stunned even the most bullish investors by posting its best quarterly results ever : third-quarter revenues came in at $ 9.9 billion -- 24 % higher than the same period a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But two days later the drummer was shocked to hear that he 'd been sacked while he was in London visiting a lawyer .	But two days time the drummer was shocked to hear that he 'd been sacked while he was in London visiting a lawyer .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Four hours earlier , and 30 miles away , another Scot could be found calling for patience .	Four hours time , and 30 miles away , another Scot could be found calling for patience .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	NEW ORLEANS -LRB- AP -RRB- - U.S. cotton production is expected to drop to 13.8 million bales , the lowest level since 1989 , after farmers planted fewer acres in favor of higher-priced crops and severe weather took a toll . ''	NEW ORLEANS -LRB- AP -RRB- - U.S. cotton production is expected to drop to 13.8 million bales , the lowest level since 1991 , after farmers planted fewer acres in favor of higher-priced crops and severe weather took a toll . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	NEW ORLEANS -LRB- AP -RRB- - U.S. cotton production is expected to drop to 13.8 million bales , the lowest level since 1989 , after farmers planted fewer acres in favor of higher-priced crops and severe weather took a toll . ''	NEW ORLEANS -LRB- AP -RRB- - U.S. cotton production is expected to drop to 13.8 million bales , the lowest level before 1989 , after farmers planted fewer acres in favor of higher-priced crops and severe weather took a toll . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But her ability to create easy-to-follow recipes for delectable cakes and traditional home cooking has resulted in five cookbooks since 2001 that have sold a combined 1.1 million copies in this country of 38 million .	But her ability to create easy-to-follow recipes for delectable cakes and traditional home cooking has resulted in five cookbooks since 2003 that have sold a combined 1.1 million copies in this country of 38 million .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But her ability to create easy-to-follow recipes for delectable cakes and traditional home cooking has resulted in five cookbooks since 2001 that have sold a combined 1.1 million copies in this country of 38 million .	But her ability to create easy-to-follow recipes for delectable cakes and traditional home cooking has resulted in five cookbooks before 2001 that have sold a combined 1.1 million copies in this country of 38 million .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Maxim Shabalin was asked after Wednesday 's practice if he and Oksana Domnina have altered their costumes or music .	Maxim Shabalin was asked at Wednesday 's practice if he and Oksana Domnina have altered their costumes or music .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Garlik , the online identity experts , submitted 30 freedom of information -LRB- FoI -RRB- requests between September and November last year to government departments and offices .	Garlik , the online identity experts , submitted 30 freedom of information -LRB- FoI -RRB- requests between august and November last year to government departments and offices .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Garlik , the online identity experts , submitted 30 freedom of information -LRB- FoI -RRB- requests between September and November last year to government departments and offices .	Garlik , the online identity experts , submitted 30 freedom of information -LRB- FoI -RRB- requests between october and November last year to government departments and offices .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It had been quite obvious since Saturday that Thomas was unlikely to ride Master Minded , but the horse 's owner and trainer left him in an excruciating public limbo until yesterday .	It had been quite obvious before Saturday that Thomas was unlikely to ride Master Minded , but the horse 's owner and trainer left him in an excruciating public limbo until yesterday .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	have been pursuing the class-action case since 1993 .	have been pursuing the class-action case since 1995 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	have been pursuing the class-action case since 1993 .	have been pursuing the class-action case before 1993 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told his cabinet at the weekend that parliament had ordered that Iran should produce 20,000 megawatts of nuclear energy by 2020 .	Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told his cabinet after the weekend that parliament had ordered that Iran should produce 20,000 megawatts of nuclear energy by 2020 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	How many miles of cable , how many trucks -- it 's all very easy to pick up on , '' said Willie Williams , who has been working with the Irish rock band since 1982 .	How many miles of cable , how many trucks -- it 's all very easy to pick up on , '' said Willie Williams , who has been working with the Irish rock band since 1984 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	How many miles of cable , how many trucks -- it 's all very easy to pick up on , '' said Willie Williams , who has been working with the Irish rock band since 1982 .	How many miles of cable , how many trucks -- it 's all very easy to pick up on , '' said Willie Williams , who has been working with the Irish rock band before 1982 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Addressing the 47-member U.N. Human Rights Council , Michael Posner , the U.S. State Department 's top official for democracy and human rights , said the Iranian government had suppressed the protest of millions of people since last June 's election .	Addressing the 47-member U.N. Human Rights Council , Michael Posner , the U.S. State Department 's top official for democracy and human rights , said the Iranian government had suppressed the protest of millions of people since last august 's election .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Addressing the 47-member U.N. Human Rights Council , Michael Posner , the U.S. State Department 's top official for democracy and human rights , said the Iranian government had suppressed the protest of millions of people since last June 's election .	Addressing the 47-member U.N. Human Rights Council , Michael Posner , the U.S. State Department 's top official for democracy and human rights , said the Iranian government had suppressed the protest of millions of people before last June 's election .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	American Phelps beat compatriot Mark Spitz 's record of seven golds in a single Games , which had stood since 1972 .	American Phelps beat compatriot Mark Spitz 's record of seven golds in a single Games , which had stood since 1974 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	American Phelps beat compatriot Mark Spitz 's record of seven golds in a single Games , which had stood since 1972 .	American Phelps beat compatriot Mark Spitz 's record of seven golds in a single Games , which had stood before 1972 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In that piece , Buckley said that he has known McCain since 1982 and once wrote a speech for him but that the senator has changed , airing '' mean-spirited and pointless '' attack ads and -- '' What on earth can he have been thinking ? ''	In that piece , Buckley said that he has known McCain since 1984 and once wrote a speech for him but that the senator has changed , airing '' mean-spirited and pointless '' attack ads and -- '' What on earth can he have been thinking ? ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In that piece , Buckley said that he has known McCain since 1982 and once wrote a speech for him but that the senator has changed , airing '' mean-spirited and pointless '' attack ads and -- '' What on earth can he have been thinking ? ''	In that piece , Buckley said that he has known McCain before 1982 and once wrote a speech for him but that the senator has changed , airing '' mean-spirited and pointless '' attack ads and -- '' What on earth can he have been thinking ? ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Earlier this week , the central bank announced its would stretch a $ 1.45 trillion program to lower mortgage rates and aid the housing market through March , rather wrapping it up at the end of this year .	Earlier this week , the central bank announced its would stretch a $ 1.45 trillion program to lower mortgage rates and aid the housing market through March , rather wrapping it up after the end of this year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The demonstration Wednesday followed Russian President Dmitry Medvedev 's receiving Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in Moscow a day earlier , despite allegations of election fraud in Ahmadinejad 's re-election last week , CNN reported .	The demonstration Wednesday followed Russian President Dmitry Medvedev 's receiving Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in Moscow a day time , despite allegations of election fraud in Ahmadinejad 's re-election last week , CNN reported .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The world 's second largest economy logged a trade surplus of 599.2 billion yen , up 87.1 percent from a year earlier .	The world 's second largest economy logged a trade surplus of 599.2 billion yen , up 87.1 percent from a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A decade earlier , and my children would have caught the tail end of the Golden Age .	A decade time , and my children would have caught the tail end of the Golden Age .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Widely published photographs of her surfing in Hawaii barely a week later alongside her boyfriend and rapper , Common , can only have deepened Sergey Leonyuk 's dismay .	Widely published photographs of her surfing in Hawaii barely a week time alongside her boyfriend and rapper , Common , can only have deepened Sergey Leonyuk 's dismay .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The property association , which has offered $ 300 to people who suffered financial or property loss from the fire , has received almost 800 applications since early July , Ms. Kleissner said .	The property association , which has offered $ 300 to people who suffered financial or property loss from the fire , has received almost 800 applications since early september , Ms. Kleissner said .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The property association , which has offered $ 300 to people who suffered financial or property loss from the fire , has received almost 800 applications since early July , Ms. Kleissner said .	The property association , which has offered $ 300 to people who suffered financial or property loss from the fire , has received almost 800 applications before early July , Ms. Kleissner said .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It goes on sale at the end of this year , with prices ranging from £ 15,935 to £ 30,285 .	It goes on sale after the end of this year , with prices ranging from £ 15,935 to £ 30,285 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Another Palestinian militant died of wounds on Thursday that he sustained in an airstrike a day earlier in the northern Gaza Strip , Hamas said .	Another Palestinian militant died of wounds on Thursday that he sustained in an airstrike a day time in the northern Gaza Strip , Hamas said .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The state Supreme Court order involves juveniles sentenced between 2003 and 2008 by Mark A. Ciavarella Jr .	The state Supreme Court order involves juveniles sentenced between 2002 and 2008 by Mark A. Ciavarella Jr .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The state Supreme Court order involves juveniles sentenced between 2003 and 2008 by Mark A. Ciavarella Jr .	The state Supreme Court order involves juveniles sentenced between 2004 and 2008 by Mark A. Ciavarella Jr .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Det Insp Russell Andrew , the officer in charge of the inquiry , said : '' The young woman was subjected to an extremely harrowing ordeal and l am keen to hear from anyone who was in the in St Marnock Place or the Waterside Street or Howard Park area between 0230 and 0330 BST on Friday .	Det Insp Russell Andrew , the officer in charge of the inquiry , said : '' The young woman was subjected to an extremely harrowing ordeal and l am keen to hear from anyone who was in the in St Marnock Place or the Waterside Street or Howard Park area between 229 and 0330 BST on Friday .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Det Insp Russell Andrew , the officer in charge of the inquiry , said : '' The young woman was subjected to an extremely harrowing ordeal and l am keen to hear from anyone who was in the in St Marnock Place or the Waterside Street or Howard Park area between 0230 and 0330 BST on Friday .	Det Insp Russell Andrew , the officer in charge of the inquiry , said : '' The young woman was subjected to an extremely harrowing ordeal and l am keen to hear from anyone who was in the in St Marnock Place or the Waterside Street or Howard Park area between 231 and 0330 BST on Friday .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Kennedy left the Duke University Medical Center in Durham , N.C. , on Monday morning and arrived at his family 's compound in Hyannis Port on Cape Cod just before noon .	Kennedy left the Duke University Medical Center in Durham , N.C. , on Monday morning and arrived at his family 's compound in Hyannis Port on Cape Cod just at noon .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	When we came together as a squad at the start of the year , this game , this weekend , was the one in the back of our minds , '' admitted Sharpe .	When we came together as a squad after the start of the year , this game , this weekend , was the one in the back of our minds , '' admitted Sharpe .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The share prices of Britain 's six largest property Reits -- British Land , Land Securities , Hammerson , Liberty International , Segro and Brixton -- have fallen on average by 45 per cent since January .	The share prices of Britain 's six largest property Reits -- British Land , Land Securities , Hammerson , Liberty International , Segro and Brixton -- have fallen on average by 45 per cent since march .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The share prices of Britain 's six largest property Reits -- British Land , Land Securities , Hammerson , Liberty International , Segro and Brixton -- have fallen on average by 45 per cent since January .	The share prices of Britain 's six largest property Reits -- British Land , Land Securities , Hammerson , Liberty International , Segro and Brixton -- have fallen on average by 45 per cent before January .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Shortly before 1 p.m. , fire marshals escorted three young men who lived in the apartment to collect some of their belongings .	Shortly before 0 p.m. , fire marshals escorted three young men who lived in the apartment to collect some of their belongings .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Shortly before 1 p.m. , fire marshals escorted three young men who lived in the apartment to collect some of their belongings .	Shortly before 2 p.m. , fire marshals escorted three young men who lived in the apartment to collect some of their belongings .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Shortly before 1 p.m. , fire marshals escorted three young men who lived in the apartment to collect some of their belongings .	Shortly at 1 p.m. , fire marshals escorted three young men who lived in the apartment to collect some of their belongings .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	London Irish 's Paul Hodgson has been summoned as cover , although his chances of featuring in the 22 at the Millennium Stadium would appear remote .	London Irish 's Paul Hodgson has been summoned as cover , although his chances of featuring in the 22 after the Millennium Stadium would appear remote .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	OPEC , which has agreed to cut 4.2 million barrels per day of output since September , will meet on May 28 to revisit production policy . ''	OPEC , which has agreed to cut 4.2 million barrels per day of output since november , will meet on May 28 to revisit production policy . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	OPEC , which has agreed to cut 4.2 million barrels per day of output since September , will meet on May 28 to revisit production policy . ''	OPEC , which has agreed to cut 4.2 million barrels per day of output before September , will meet on May 28 to revisit production policy . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Much of the progress in curbing drug use occurred between 2002 and 2005 .	Much of the progress in curbing drug use occurred between 2001 and 2005 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Much of the progress in curbing drug use occurred between 2002 and 2005 .	Much of the progress in curbing drug use occurred between 2003 and 2005 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	It said that the upbeat trend had continued for much of this year , with sales ahead of their 2007 levels , but trading had become more difficult since September .	It said that the upbeat trend had continued for much of this year , with sales ahead of their 2007 levels , but trading had become more difficult since november .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It said that the upbeat trend had continued for much of this year , with sales ahead of their 2007 levels , but trading had become more difficult since September .	It said that the upbeat trend had continued for much of this year , with sales ahead of their 2007 levels , but trading had become more difficult before September .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It was maybe 10 seconds later , and I took off running to a bank about 100 feet away .	It was maybe 10 seconds time , and I took off running to a bank about 100 feet away .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Jean , his wife since 1960 but who shuns the high-profile world of Formula One , lives mainly in France .	Jean , his wife since 1962 but who shuns the high-profile world of Formula One , lives mainly in France .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Jean , his wife since 1960 but who shuns the high-profile world of Formula One , lives mainly in France .	Jean , his wife before 1960 but who shuns the high-profile world of Formula One , lives mainly in France .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The north-east of England saw the highest rate of insolvency during August - almost double a year earlier - while business failures in the North West and Wales were lower than a year ago .	The north-east of England saw the highest rate of insolvency during August - almost double a year time - while business failures in the North West and Wales were lower than a year ago .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Rep. Peter Hoekstra of Michigan , the senior Republican on the House Intelligence Committee , said passage of the bill by Congress was necessary before August when the first yearlong surveillance orders approved under a previous surveillance regime would run out .	Rep. Peter Hoekstra of Michigan , the senior Republican on the House Intelligence Committee , said passage of the bill by Congress was necessary before july when the first yearlong surveillance orders approved under a previous surveillance regime would run out .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Rep. Peter Hoekstra of Michigan , the senior Republican on the House Intelligence Committee , said passage of the bill by Congress was necessary before August when the first yearlong surveillance orders approved under a previous surveillance regime would run out .	Rep. Peter Hoekstra of Michigan , the senior Republican on the House Intelligence Committee , said passage of the bill by Congress was necessary before september when the first yearlong surveillance orders approved under a previous surveillance regime would run out .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Rep. Peter Hoekstra of Michigan , the senior Republican on the House Intelligence Committee , said passage of the bill by Congress was necessary before August when the first yearlong surveillance orders approved under a previous surveillance regime would run out .	Rep. Peter Hoekstra of Michigan , the senior Republican on the House Intelligence Committee , said passage of the bill by Congress was necessary at August when the first yearlong surveillance orders approved under a previous surveillance regime would run out .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	As an adult , I have tried lots of prescribed medications since 1970 , but nothing has helped .	As an adult , I have tried lots of prescribed medications since 1972 , but nothing has helped .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	As an adult , I have tried lots of prescribed medications since 1970 , but nothing has helped .	As an adult , I have tried lots of prescribed medications before 1970 , but nothing has helped .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Albany had its seventh snowiest December since 1795 as Monday 's snow brought the December total to at least 31.1 inches , more than double the average of 12.3 inches , according to the National Weather Service .	Albany had its seventh snowiest December since 1797 as Monday 's snow brought the December total to at least 31.1 inches , more than double the average of 12.3 inches , according to the National Weather Service .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Albany had its seventh snowiest December since 1795 as Monday 's snow brought the December total to at least 31.1 inches , more than double the average of 12.3 inches , according to the National Weather Service .	Albany had its seventh snowiest December before 1795 as Monday 's snow brought the December total to at least 31.1 inches , more than double the average of 12.3 inches , according to the National Weather Service .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Previously , Spain had permitted testing between 8 a.m. and 11 p.m. .	Previously , Spain had permitted testing between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m. .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Previously , Spain had permitted testing between 8 a.m. and 11 p.m. .	Previously , Spain had permitted testing between 9 a.m. and 11 p.m. .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Withdrawals made between October 1 and October 31 2009 will not incur a charge .	Withdrawals made between september 1 and October 31 2009 will not incur a charge .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Withdrawals made between October 1 and October 31 2009 will not incur a charge .	Withdrawals made between november 1 and October 31 2009 will not incur a charge .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	the DJIA is UP over 4 % since Jan .	the DJIA is UP over 4 % before Jan .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The children , aged between six months and 17 years , have spent nearly two months away from their families .	The children , aged between six months and 16 years , have spent nearly two months away from their families .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The children , aged between six months and 17 years , have spent nearly two months away from their families .	The children , aged between six months and 18 years , have spent nearly two months away from their families .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But a few weeks later they received another call saying the police had become involved and an advert had been placed in the local newspaper calling for witnesses to a '' racist assault '' at the college .	But a few weeks time they received another call saying the police had become involved and an advert had been placed in the local newspaper calling for witnesses to a '' racist assault '' at the college .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Less than three months later , the veteran of more than 10 combat missions was shot down over Tunisia , in North Africa .	Less than three months time , the veteran of more than 10 combat missions was shot down over Tunisia , in North Africa .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Lieutenant Miner did confirm , however , that the police had begun an investigation of the lab after recently finishing an audit of its policies and procedures to meet national accreditation requirements .	Lieutenant Miner did confirm , however , that the police had begun an investigation of the lab at recently finishing an audit of its policies and procedures to meet national accreditation requirements .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The agent 's latest sales index showed that house prices in some prime areas have increased by as much as 9 per cent since March .	The agent 's latest sales index showed that house prices in some prime areas have increased by as much as 9 per cent since may .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The agent 's latest sales index showed that house prices in some prime areas have increased by as much as 9 per cent since March .	The agent 's latest sales index showed that house prices in some prime areas have increased by as much as 9 per cent before March .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Concerns about European bank exposure to the subprime market have resurfaced after last week 's announcements from US banks , '' said Isabelle Delattre , fund manager at Raymond James Asset Management . ''	Concerns about European bank exposure to the subprime market have resurfaced at last week 's announcements from US banks , '' said Isabelle Delattre , fund manager at Raymond James Asset Management . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Students at Monday 's event took part in a question-and-answer session with actor and director Eric Close , of the CBS TV show '' Without A Trace . ''	Students after Monday 's event took part in a question-and-answer session with actor and director Eric Close , of the CBS TV show '' Without A Trace . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The conflict has roiled the seaside town since last March , when a student of Chumash descent told the board that the images demeaned his heritage .	The conflict has roiled the seaside town since last may , when a student of Chumash descent told the board that the images demeaned his heritage .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The conflict has roiled the seaside town since last March , when a student of Chumash descent told the board that the images demeaned his heritage .	The conflict has roiled the seaside town before last March , when a student of Chumash descent told the board that the images demeaned his heritage .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Sacred Heart University Polling Institute completed 800 interviews with residents nationwide between July 28 - August 7 , 2008 .	The Sacred Heart University Polling Institute completed 800 interviews with residents nationwide between june 28 - August 7 , 2008 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The Sacred Heart University Polling Institute completed 800 interviews with residents nationwide between July 28 - August 7 , 2008 .	The Sacred Heart University Polling Institute completed 800 interviews with residents nationwide between august 28 - August 7 , 2008 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , also looking at 2012 , has announced his support for Hoffman .	Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , also looking before 2013 , has announced his support for Hoffman .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , also looking at 2012 , has announced his support for Hoffman .	Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , also looking after 2012 , has announced his support for Hoffman .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	There sort of a tacit understanding among everyone that it has to happen before Monday , '' a third GOP aide said .	There sort of a tacit understanding among everyone that it has to happen at Monday , '' a third GOP aide said .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	We should not forget that at present , government borrowing is being artificially sustained through quantitative easing whereby , in effect , it buys its own debt .	We should not forget that after present , government borrowing is being artificially sustained through quantitative easing whereby , in effect , it buys its own debt .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Alummoottil said she went to get help and , a few seconds later , heard three shots .	Alummoottil said she went to get help and , a few seconds time , heard three shots .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The allowance for noncovered loan losses to noncovered period-end loans was 3.22 % at September 30 , 2010 compared to 2.50 % and 2.31 % at December 31 , 2009 and September 30 , 2009 , respectively .	The allowance for noncovered loan losses to noncovered period-end loans was 3.22 % before october 30 , 2010 compared to 2.50 % and 2.31 % at December 31 , 2009 and September 30 , 2009 , respectively .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The allowance for noncovered loan losses to noncovered period-end loans was 3.22 % at September 30 , 2010 compared to 2.50 % and 2.31 % at December 31 , 2009 and September 30 , 2009 , respectively .	The allowance for noncovered loan losses to noncovered period-end loans was 3.22 % after September 30 , 2010 compared to 2.50 % and 2.31 % at December 31 , 2009 and September 30 , 2009 , respectively .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Top with the cheese and / or basil , if desired , and serve at once .	Top with the cheese and / or basil , if desired , and serve after once .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two years later , Europe would again rout Tiger , Phil and the other Americans by the identical score .	Two years time , Europe would again rout Tiger , Phil and the other Americans by the identical score .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Her efforts in losing a long three-game final against Wang Yihan at the German Open in Mulheim only three days before may well have left her with insufficient time to recover .	Her efforts in losing a long three-game final against Wang Yihan at the German Open in Mulheim only three days before april well have left her with insufficient time to recover .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Her efforts in losing a long three-game final against Wang Yihan at the German Open in Mulheim only three days before may well have left her with insufficient time to recover .	Her efforts in losing a long three-game final against Wang Yihan at the German Open in Mulheim only three days before june well have left her with insufficient time to recover .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Her efforts in losing a long three-game final against Wang Yihan at the German Open in Mulheim only three days before may well have left her with insufficient time to recover .	Her efforts in losing a long three-game final against Wang Yihan at the German Open in Mulheim only three days at may well have left her with insufficient time to recover .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Holding the Bulldogs to 34 percent shooting and contesting every possession as tenaciously as Butler , which allowed 60 points for the first time since February .	Holding the Bulldogs to 34 percent shooting and contesting every possession as tenaciously as Butler , which allowed 60 points for the first time since april .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Holding the Bulldogs to 34 percent shooting and contesting every possession as tenaciously as Butler , which allowed 60 points for the first time since February .	Holding the Bulldogs to 34 percent shooting and contesting every possession as tenaciously as Butler , which allowed 60 points for the first time before February .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Separately , the CIPS survey of purchasing managers in the manufacturing sector reached a 25-month high of 54.1 in December , up sharply from the 51.8 reading in November.The fourth quarter of 2009 was the highest since the fourth quarter of 2007 .	Separately , the CIPS survey of purchasing managers in the manufacturing sector reached a 25-month high of 54.1 in December , up sharply from the 51.8 reading in November.The fourth quarter of 2009 was the highest since the fourth quarter of 2009 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Separately , the CIPS survey of purchasing managers in the manufacturing sector reached a 25-month high of 54.1 in December , up sharply from the 51.8 reading in November.The fourth quarter of 2009 was the highest since the fourth quarter of 2007 .	Separately , the CIPS survey of purchasing managers in the manufacturing sector reached a 25-month high of 54.1 in December , up sharply from the 51.8 reading in November.The fourth quarter of 2009 was the highest before the fourth quarter of 2007 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In June , Take Two Interactive Inc. suspended plans to distribute the game -- because it was rejected by the Entertainment Software Rating Board in the United States and by regulators in Europe -- but finally agreed , two months later , to release the revised version .	In June , Take Two Interactive Inc. suspended plans to distribute the game -- because it was rejected by the Entertainment Software Rating Board in the United States and by regulators in Europe -- but finally agreed , two months time , to release the revised version .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Now , 14 years later , Puckett stands to get a portion of the roughly $ 2,000 fee back , as do more than 20,000 other people whose homes were built in the county from 1988 to 1997 .	Now , 14 years time , Puckett stands to get a portion of the roughly $ 2,000 fee back , as do more than 20,000 other people whose homes were built in the county from 1988 to 1997 .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The World Bank on Tuesday cuts its growth forecast for China next year to 7.5 per cent , the slowest rate of expansion since 1990 , and said the impact of the global financial crisis was likely to '' intensify . ''	The World Bank on Tuesday cuts its growth forecast for China next year to 7.5 per cent , the slowest rate of expansion since 1992 , and said the impact of the global financial crisis was likely to '' intensify . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The World Bank on Tuesday cuts its growth forecast for China next year to 7.5 per cent , the slowest rate of expansion since 1990 , and said the impact of the global financial crisis was likely to '' intensify . ''	The World Bank on Tuesday cuts its growth forecast for China next year to 7.5 per cent , the slowest rate of expansion before 1990 , and said the impact of the global financial crisis was likely to '' intensify . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Weeks claims that a few months later , Bynum punched him in the face and neck while he was sleeping . ''	Weeks claims that a few months time , Bynum punched him in the face and neck while he was sleeping . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	For many centuries it was very much of one mind with the Islamic tradition but after the 16th century that changed .	For many centuries it was very much of one mind with the Islamic tradition but at the 16th century that changed .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That marked a decline of 21.9 percent compared with the same month a year earlier .	That marked a decline of 21.9 percent compared with the same month a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Smith was with Portadown for three months earlier in the season but could not agree on a permanent contract .	Smith was with Portadown for three months time in the season but could not agree on a permanent contract .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	After I reported this attack Pc Claire Howarth arrived at my home just a few hours later and spoke to my daughter .	After I reported this attack Pc Claire Howarth arrived at my home just a few hours time and spoke to my daughter .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Twenty people were killed and 61 others were injured when a car bomb exploded as the faithful were leaving the mosque after Friday prayers , '' a police official told AFP , requesting anonymity .	Twenty people were killed and 61 others were injured when a car bomb exploded as the faithful were leaving the mosque at Friday prayers , '' a police official told AFP , requesting anonymity .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The late Rep. John Murtha had represented Pennsylvania 's 12th Congressional District since 1974 .	The late Rep. John Murtha had represented Pennsylvania 's 12th Congressional District since 1976 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The late Rep. John Murtha had represented Pennsylvania 's 12th Congressional District since 1974 .	The late Rep. John Murtha had represented Pennsylvania 's 12th Congressional District before 1974 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Though it is reasonable to believe that its modern version would have been able to determine , emphatically , whether Sir Geoff Hurst 's vital goal in the 1966 World Cup was true , and , much more easily , detected the hand of Maradona that came 20 years later , there will no doubt be rare times when an unequivocal verdict can not be given .	Though it is reasonable to believe that its modern version would have been able to determine , emphatically , whether Sir Geoff Hurst 's vital goal in the 1966 World Cup was true , and , much more easily , detected the hand of Maradona that came 20 years time , there will no doubt be rare times when an unequivocal verdict can not be given .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Rotterdam , which wants to reduce its CO2 emissions by 50 percent between now and 2025 , also presented new energy-friendly initiatives for cars , trains and public transportation Monday , along with an sustainable energy generation plan for its metro system .	Rotterdam , which wants to reduce its CO2 emissions by 50 percent between now and 2024 , also presented new energy-friendly initiatives for cars , trains and public transportation Monday , along with an sustainable energy generation plan for its metro system .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Rotterdam , which wants to reduce its CO2 emissions by 50 percent between now and 2025 , also presented new energy-friendly initiatives for cars , trains and public transportation Monday , along with an sustainable energy generation plan for its metro system .	Rotterdam , which wants to reduce its CO2 emissions by 50 percent between now and 2026 , also presented new energy-friendly initiatives for cars , trains and public transportation Monday , along with an sustainable energy generation plan for its metro system .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two years later he was convicted at Liverpool Crown Court .	Two years time he was convicted at Liverpool Crown Court .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Soybeans for May delivery soared 61.5 cents to settle at $ 13.13 a bushel on the CBOT , before earlier rising as high as $ 13.215 a bushel , its highest since March 28 .	Soybeans for May delivery soared 61.5 cents to settle at $ 13.13 a bushel on the CBOT , before earlier rising as high as $ 13.215 a bushel , its highest since may 28 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Soybeans for May delivery soared 61.5 cents to settle at $ 13.13 a bushel on the CBOT , before earlier rising as high as $ 13.215 a bushel , its highest since March 28 .	Soybeans for May delivery soared 61.5 cents to settle at $ 13.13 a bushel on the CBOT , before earlier rising as high as $ 13.215 a bushel , its highest before March 28 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few hours earlier a group of heavily-armed masked men attacked a house outside the city , close to the border with Texas . ''	A few hours time a group of heavily-armed masked men attacked a house outside the city , close to the border with Texas . ''	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr van Rooijen said people in the large group of climbers - composed of several teams that had waited for a break in the weather to climb the mountain since July - had failed to work together after disaster struck .	Mr van Rooijen said people in the large group of climbers - composed of several teams that had waited for a break in the weather to climb the mountain since september - had failed to work together after disaster struck .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr van Rooijen said people in the large group of climbers - composed of several teams that had waited for a break in the weather to climb the mountain since July - had failed to work together after disaster struck .	Mr van Rooijen said people in the large group of climbers - composed of several teams that had waited for a break in the weather to climb the mountain before July - had failed to work together after disaster struck .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The EU aims to lead the battle against climate change after last year agreeing to cut carbon emissions by about 20 percent by 2020 -- the world 's most ambitious target so far .	The EU aims to lead the battle against climate change at last year agreeing to cut carbon emissions by about 20 percent by 2020 -- the world 's most ambitious target so far .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The high school students were evacuated from the building about 9 a.m. and dismissed a few hours later , school officials said .	The high school students were evacuated from the building about 9 a.m. and dismissed a few hours time , school officials said .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It is an expensive price , at present running at £ 35 billion a year .	It is an expensive price , after present running at £ 35 billion a year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The minutes show that six members of the MPC favoured the cut from 5.25 % - the third since December .	The minutes show that six members of the MPC favoured the cut from 5.25 % - the third since february .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The minutes show that six members of the MPC favoured the cut from 5.25 % - the third since December .	The minutes show that six members of the MPC favoured the cut from 5.25 % - the third before December .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The campaign ran between 10-24 September , and most of those caught were drivers .	The campaign ran between 10-24 august , and most of those caught were drivers .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The campaign ran between 10-24 September , and most of those caught were drivers .	The campaign ran between 10-24 october , and most of those caught were drivers .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The civil-servant mole , 26-year-old Christopher Galley , had been arrested a week earlier and apparently confessed to passing information to Mr Green .	The civil-servant mole , 26-year-old Christopher Galley , had been arrested a week time and apparently confessed to passing information to Mr Green .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	-- Shortly after 10 a.m. Geoffrey Robertson , QC , head of Doughty Street Chambers , acted for the author Sir Salman Rushdie , who received unreserved apologies from the publisher and ghost writer for allegations made in a book by Ron Evans who was his police protection officer .	-- Shortly after 11 a.m. Geoffrey Robertson , QC , head of Doughty Street Chambers , acted for the author Sir Salman Rushdie , who received unreserved apologies from the publisher and ghost writer for allegations made in a book by Ron Evans who was his police protection officer .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	-- Shortly after 10 a.m. Geoffrey Robertson , QC , head of Doughty Street Chambers , acted for the author Sir Salman Rushdie , who received unreserved apologies from the publisher and ghost writer for allegations made in a book by Ron Evans who was his police protection officer .	-- Shortly after 9 a.m. Geoffrey Robertson , QC , head of Doughty Street Chambers , acted for the author Sir Salman Rushdie , who received unreserved apologies from the publisher and ghost writer for allegations made in a book by Ron Evans who was his police protection officer .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	-- Shortly after 10 a.m. Geoffrey Robertson , QC , head of Doughty Street Chambers , acted for the author Sir Salman Rushdie , who received unreserved apologies from the publisher and ghost writer for allegations made in a book by Ron Evans who was his police protection officer .	-- Shortly at 10 a.m. Geoffrey Robertson , QC , head of Doughty Street Chambers , acted for the author Sir Salman Rushdie , who received unreserved apologies from the publisher and ghost writer for allegations made in a book by Ron Evans who was his police protection officer .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Gao trains at Shanghai University and after helping Americans place 12th at the World Championships , the best US showing since 1989 , she has some hope that she can give her best against China 's table tennis juggernaut .	Gao trains at Shanghai University and after helping Americans place 12th at the World Championships , the best US showing since 1991 , she has some hope that she can give her best against China 's table tennis juggernaut .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Gao trains at Shanghai University and after helping Americans place 12th at the World Championships , the best US showing since 1989 , she has some hope that she can give her best against China 's table tennis juggernaut .	Gao trains at Shanghai University and after helping Americans place 12th at the World Championships , the best US showing before 1989 , she has some hope that she can give her best against China 's table tennis juggernaut .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Government figures show that the percentage of women 25 to 29 who stay single has more than doubled since 1980 , to 54 percent from 24 percent .	Government figures show that the percentage of women 25 to 29 who stay single has more than doubled since 1982 , to 54 percent from 24 percent .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Government figures show that the percentage of women 25 to 29 who stay single has more than doubled since 1980 , to 54 percent from 24 percent .	Government figures show that the percentage of women 25 to 29 who stay single has more than doubled before 1980 , to 54 percent from 24 percent .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	At a City Hall news conference yesterday , Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said the local firehouse had not performed any of the required inspections of the building on the edge of ground zero since 2006 , even though the 41-story building , damaged in the Sept .	At a City Hall news conference yesterday , Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said the local firehouse had not performed any of the required inspections of the building on the edge of ground zero since 2008 , even though the 41-story building , damaged in the Sept .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	At a City Hall news conference yesterday , Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said the local firehouse had not performed any of the required inspections of the building on the edge of ground zero since 2006 , even though the 41-story building , damaged in the Sept .	At a City Hall news conference yesterday , Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said the local firehouse had not performed any of the required inspections of the building on the edge of ground zero before 2006 , even though the 41-story building , damaged in the Sept .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The number of people living on the streets has dropped by 12 percent since last year , Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said this morning at a City Hall news conference , citing his administration 's annual Homeless Outreach Population Estimate , which was conducted on Jan . ''	The number of people living on the streets has dropped by 12 percent before last year , Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said this morning at a City Hall news conference , citing his administration 's annual Homeless Outreach Population Estimate , which was conducted on Jan . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But at the last minute , Dave had a vision of his beloved dead daughter , and sent M.J. safely out of the car .	But after the last minute , Dave had a vision of his beloved dead daughter , and sent M.J. safely out of the car .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Chicago native has known the president-elect since 1993 , longer than anyone else in Obama 's inner circle .	The Chicago native has known the president-elect since 1995 , longer than anyone else in Obama 's inner circle .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Chicago native has known the president-elect since 1993 , longer than anyone else in Obama 's inner circle .	The Chicago native has known the president-elect before 1993 , longer than anyone else in Obama 's inner circle .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In the Dublin papers , there 's anxiety about the new road toll system which starts taking effect at the end of this week , first of all on the M50 , which is the Republic 's most congested stretch of motorway .	In the Dublin papers , there 's anxiety about the new road toll system which starts taking effect after the end of this week , first of all on the M50 , which is the Republic 's most congested stretch of motorway .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Trading on Sets in January so far is more than 130 per cent higher than at the start of 2007 .	Trading on Sets in January so far is more than 130 per cent higher than before the start of 2008 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Trading on Sets in January so far is more than 130 per cent higher than at the start of 2007 .	Trading on Sets in January so far is more than 130 per cent higher than after the start of 2007 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A few days after January 31 , Phil Harris came out of a medically induced coma and right away started asking for friends to spend time with him .	A few days after february 31 , Phil Harris came out of a medically induced coma and right away started asking for friends to spend time with him .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	A few days after January 31 , Phil Harris came out of a medically induced coma and right away started asking for friends to spend time with him .	A few days after december 31 , Phil Harris came out of a medically induced coma and right away started asking for friends to spend time with him .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few days after January 31 , Phil Harris came out of a medically induced coma and right away started asking for friends to spend time with him .	A few days at January 31 , Phil Harris came out of a medically induced coma and right away started asking for friends to spend time with him .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	As most mortgages are floating rate , savage cuts to the central bank 's cash rate -- 425 basis points between September and April , to a 49-year low of 3 per cent -- have rapidly fed through to borrowing costs .	As most mortgages are floating rate , savage cuts to the central bank 's cash rate -- 425 basis points between august and April , to a 49-year low of 3 per cent -- have rapidly fed through to borrowing costs .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	As most mortgages are floating rate , savage cuts to the central bank 's cash rate -- 425 basis points between September and April , to a 49-year low of 3 per cent -- have rapidly fed through to borrowing costs .	As most mortgages are floating rate , savage cuts to the central bank 's cash rate -- 425 basis points between october and April , to a 49-year low of 3 per cent -- have rapidly fed through to borrowing costs .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Manchester police have been working with their Italian counterparts to help prevent trouble at Tuesday 's match .	Manchester police have been working with their Italian counterparts to help prevent trouble after Tuesday 's match .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Both have served there as magistrate judges since 2001 .	Both have served there as magistrate judges since 2003 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Both have served there as magistrate judges since 2001 .	Both have served there as magistrate judges before 2001 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	24 / PRNewswire / -- Cyber Monday , a term coined by the National Retail Federation for the first Monday after Thanksgiving , is likely to be a busy day for Internet use in the office .	24 / PRNewswire / -- Cyber Monday , a term coined by the National Retail Federation for the first Monday at Thanksgiving , is likely to be a busy day for Internet use in the office .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The pro-American leader has vowed to defeat the Taliban and al Qaeda but they remain defiant , killing hundreds of people in bombings since October despite facing major government offensives .	The pro-American leader has vowed to defeat the Taliban and al Qaeda but they remain defiant , killing hundreds of people in bombings since december despite facing major government offensives .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The pro-American leader has vowed to defeat the Taliban and al Qaeda but they remain defiant , killing hundreds of people in bombings since October despite facing major government offensives .	The pro-American leader has vowed to defeat the Taliban and al Qaeda but they remain defiant , killing hundreds of people in bombings before October despite facing major government offensives .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	-LRB- Don ' t feel bad , most people never noticed it before now . -RRB-	-LRB- Don ' t feel bad , most people never noticed it at now . -RRB-	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The region aim to play their first game there before the end of the year and as the stadium takes shape photos will be posted on its website weekly .	The region aim to play their first game there at the end of the year and as the stadium takes shape photos will be posted on its website weekly .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He added that after 1999 - the start of the second war with Russia - Chechens had realised they were being manipulated by foreign powers and had become a target from criminals from outside Chechnya who were largely responsible for the lawlessness and acts of terrorism of the time .	He added that after 2000 - the start of the second war with Russia - Chechens had realised they were being manipulated by foreign powers and had become a target from criminals from outside Chechnya who were largely responsible for the lawlessness and acts of terrorism of the time .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	He added that after 1999 - the start of the second war with Russia - Chechens had realised they were being manipulated by foreign powers and had become a target from criminals from outside Chechnya who were largely responsible for the lawlessness and acts of terrorism of the time .	He added that after 1998 - the start of the second war with Russia - Chechens had realised they were being manipulated by foreign powers and had become a target from criminals from outside Chechnya who were largely responsible for the lawlessness and acts of terrorism of the time .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He added that after 1999 - the start of the second war with Russia - Chechens had realised they were being manipulated by foreign powers and had become a target from criminals from outside Chechnya who were largely responsible for the lawlessness and acts of terrorism of the time .	He added that at 1999 - the start of the second war with Russia - Chechens had realised they were being manipulated by foreign powers and had become a target from criminals from outside Chechnya who were largely responsible for the lawlessness and acts of terrorism of the time .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Less organized , there was the '' silent majority '' of middle America that rallied behind Richard Nixon two decades earlier .	Less organized , there was the '' silent majority '' of middle America that rallied behind Richard Nixon two decades time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Maj. Gen. Richard T. Tryon , commander of Marine operations in Anbar , has ordered the closure or handover of 16 small bases in Ramadi , Fallujah and Karmah since late January .	Maj. Gen. Richard T. Tryon , commander of Marine operations in Anbar , has ordered the closure or handover of 16 small bases in Ramadi , Fallujah and Karmah since late march .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Maj. Gen. Richard T. Tryon , commander of Marine operations in Anbar , has ordered the closure or handover of 16 small bases in Ramadi , Fallujah and Karmah since late January .	Maj. Gen. Richard T. Tryon , commander of Marine operations in Anbar , has ordered the closure or handover of 16 small bases in Ramadi , Fallujah and Karmah before late January .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She was shot in the stomach in the exchange of fire and taken to the US a few weeks later to face federal charges of attempted murder and assault .	She was shot in the stomach in the exchange of fire and taken to the US a few weeks time to face federal charges of attempted murder and assault .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Wide-scale English representation at future IPL 's is thought more likely if the International Cricket Council can consent to a ' window ' to accommodate the tournament between all Test and one-day international tours .	Wide-scale English representation after future IPL 's is thought more likely if the International Cricket Council can consent to a ' window ' to accommodate the tournament between all Test and one-day international tours .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Livingston Group , former almost-House-speaker Bob Livingston 's shop , is not commenting on a report last week that Moammar '' Pan Am Flight 103 '' Gaddafi 's Libya reportedly has paid them more than $ 750,000 since September to improve ties by putting together events at the country 's embassy , meeting folks on the Hill and schmoozing corporations .	The Livingston Group , former almost-House-speaker Bob Livingston 's shop , is not commenting on a report last week that Moammar '' Pan Am Flight 103 '' Gaddafi 's Libya reportedly has paid them more than $ 750,000 since november to improve ties by putting together events at the country 's embassy , meeting folks on the Hill and schmoozing corporations .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Livingston Group , former almost-House-speaker Bob Livingston 's shop , is not commenting on a report last week that Moammar '' Pan Am Flight 103 '' Gaddafi 's Libya reportedly has paid them more than $ 750,000 since September to improve ties by putting together events at the country 's embassy , meeting folks on the Hill and schmoozing corporations .	The Livingston Group , former almost-House-speaker Bob Livingston 's shop , is not commenting on a report last week that Moammar '' Pan Am Flight 103 '' Gaddafi 's Libya reportedly has paid them more than $ 750,000 before September to improve ties by putting together events at the country 's embassy , meeting folks on the Hill and schmoozing corporations .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Thursday , 26 June , 2008 at 1100 BST on BBC Radio 4 .	From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Thursday , 26 June , 2008 before 1101 BST on BBC Radio 4 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Thursday , 26 June , 2008 at 1100 BST on BBC Radio 4 .	From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Thursday , 26 June , 2008 after 1100 BST on BBC Radio 4 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mechanic and Shankman ultimately settled on comedy veterans Steve Martin and Alec Baldwin , promising a renewed emphasis on comedy after last year 's song-and-dance turn led by Hugh Jackman .	Mechanic and Shankman ultimately settled on comedy veterans Steve Martin and Alec Baldwin , promising a renewed emphasis on comedy at last year 's song-and-dance turn led by Hugh Jackman .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	According to the study , the program prevented the sale of 3.6 billion packs of cigarettes -- worth $ 9.2 billion to the tobacco industry -- between 1989 and 2004 .	According to the study , the program prevented the sale of 3.6 billion packs of cigarettes -- worth $ 9.2 billion to the tobacco industry -- between 1988 and 2004 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	According to the study , the program prevented the sale of 3.6 billion packs of cigarettes -- worth $ 9.2 billion to the tobacco industry -- between 1989 and 2004 .	According to the study , the program prevented the sale of 3.6 billion packs of cigarettes -- worth $ 9.2 billion to the tobacco industry -- between 1990 and 2004 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Some EU governments feel this is not the time to consider bringing a batch of new , poorer eastern European nations into the bloc which has already expanded from 15 to 27 members since 2004 and has now plunged into recession .	Some EU governments feel this is not the time to consider bringing a batch of new , poorer eastern European nations into the bloc which has already expanded from 15 to 27 members since 2006 and has now plunged into recession .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Some EU governments feel this is not the time to consider bringing a batch of new , poorer eastern European nations into the bloc which has already expanded from 15 to 27 members since 2004 and has now plunged into recession .	Some EU governments feel this is not the time to consider bringing a batch of new , poorer eastern European nations into the bloc which has already expanded from 15 to 27 members before 2004 and has now plunged into recession .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And as a former White House chief of staff under Bill Clinton , do you have any thoughts on how many he can take on at once ?	And as a former White House chief of staff under Bill Clinton , do you have any thoughts on how many he can take on after once ?	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Blackburn might be finding life hard in the Premier League at present , but at least they have a passage into the last 16 of the Carling Cup .	Blackburn might be finding life hard in the Premier League after present , but at least they have a passage into the last 16 of the Carling Cup .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	However putting the channel on Freeview would see radios 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 , as well as 5Live , Radio Scotland and the World Service dropping off Freeview between 1700 and 2300 every evening .	However putting the channel on Freeview would see radios 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 , as well as 5Live , Radio Scotland and the World Service dropping off Freeview between 1699 and 2300 every evening .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	However putting the channel on Freeview would see radios 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 , as well as 5Live , Radio Scotland and the World Service dropping off Freeview between 1700 and 2300 every evening .	However putting the channel on Freeview would see radios 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 , as well as 5Live , Radio Scotland and the World Service dropping off Freeview between 1701 and 2300 every evening .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	An agenda I might remind you is to go to war everywhere all at once with Islam .	An agenda I might remind you is to go to war everywhere all after once with Islam .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He told the court that Miss Peyton and Mr Greste were returning to their car shortly after 2 pm when a single shot was fired .	He told the court that Miss Peyton and Mr Greste were returning to their car shortly after 3 pm when a single shot was fired .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	He told the court that Miss Peyton and Mr Greste were returning to their car shortly after 2 pm when a single shot was fired .	He told the court that Miss Peyton and Mr Greste were returning to their car shortly after 1 pm when a single shot was fired .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He told the court that Miss Peyton and Mr Greste were returning to their car shortly after 2 pm when a single shot was fired .	He told the court that Miss Peyton and Mr Greste were returning to their car shortly at 2 pm when a single shot was fired .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The 49ers -LRB- 3-1 -RRB- scored in every way to take command of the NFC West , recording their first shutout in 119 games since Jan .	The 49ers -LRB- 3-1 -RRB- scored in every way to take command of the NFC West , recording their first shutout in 119 games before Jan .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A Democrat hasn ' t won a U.S. Senate seat in Kansas since 1934 .	A Democrat hasn ' t won a U.S. Senate seat in Kansas since 1936 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A Democrat hasn ' t won a U.S. Senate seat in Kansas since 1934 .	A Democrat hasn ' t won a U.S. Senate seat in Kansas before 1934 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ace Ncobo , the former General Manager of the Premier Soccer League , made damning comments about corruption in the South African game at the weekend following his resignation .	Ace Ncobo , the former General Manager of the Premier Soccer League , made damning comments about corruption in the South African game after the weekend following his resignation .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The first accident happened on Main Road in Sheepy Magna at about 1845 BST on Monday .	The first accident happened on Main Road in Sheepy Magna before about 1846 BST on Monday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The first accident happened on Main Road in Sheepy Magna at about 1845 BST on Monday .	The first accident happened on Main Road in Sheepy Magna after about 1845 BST on Monday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Sophie Cross , 13 , from Wallingford , holds the record for owning the most number of trolls having collected 545 since 2003 .	Sophie Cross , 13 , from Wallingford , holds the record for owning the most number of trolls having collected 545 since 2005 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sophie Cross , 13 , from Wallingford , holds the record for owning the most number of trolls having collected 545 since 2003 .	Sophie Cross , 13 , from Wallingford , holds the record for owning the most number of trolls having collected 545 before 2003 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	, were sold at Meijer stores nationwide between January 2004 and December 2009 for about $ 40 each .	, were sold at Meijer stores nationwide between december 2004 and December 2009 for about $ 40 each .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	, were sold at Meijer stores nationwide between January 2004 and December 2009 for about $ 40 each .	, were sold at Meijer stores nationwide between february 2004 and December 2009 for about $ 40 each .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ramaroson transferred the presidential power to Rajoelina just a few hours later and the courts legalized his presidency the next day .	Ramaroson transferred the presidential power to Rajoelina just a few hours time and the courts legalized his presidency the next day .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Five days later the champions Manchester United are the visitors to Anfield .	Five days time the champions Manchester United are the visitors to Anfield .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Cobra Beer has been brewed in the UK since 1997 . ''	Cobra Beer has been brewed in the UK since 1999 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Cobra Beer has been brewed in the UK since 1997 . ''	Cobra Beer has been brewed in the UK before 1997 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two days later she developed a fever , but surprisingly two strep tests didn ' t detect the infection before her body started shutting down .	Two days time she developed a fever , but surprisingly two strep tests didn ' t detect the infection before her body started shutting down .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The southbound carriageway re-opened at 1840 GMT .	The southbound carriageway re-opened before 1841 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The southbound carriageway re-opened at 1840 GMT .	The southbound carriageway re-opened after 1840 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	During a week at the 18th century Château Correnson she can immerse herself in 50 hours of lessons and activities -- not to mention the outdoor swimming pool -- on a residential course which costs € 3,780 -LRB- £ 3,400 -RRB- .	During a week after the 18th century Château Correnson she can immerse herself in 50 hours of lessons and activities -- not to mention the outdoor swimming pool -- on a residential course which costs € 3,780 -LRB- £ 3,400 -RRB- .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	China Mobile had 493 million users at the end of June .	China Mobile had 493 million users before the end of july .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	China Mobile had 493 million users at the end of June .	China Mobile had 493 million users after the end of June .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	More than 20 years later , a state judge has stopped Bower 's scheduled July 22 execution and has agreed to consider his request that evidence be examined to see if DNA testing could back up his claim of innocence . ''	More than 20 years time , a state judge has stopped Bower 's scheduled July 22 execution and has agreed to consider his request that evidence be examined to see if DNA testing could back up his claim of innocence . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The well has been sealed since July 15 , when BP closed up a capping stack mounted on top of the well on the seafloor .	The well has been sealed since september 15 , when BP closed up a capping stack mounted on top of the well on the seafloor .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The well has been sealed since July 15 , when BP closed up a capping stack mounted on top of the well on the seafloor .	The well has been sealed before July 15 , when BP closed up a capping stack mounted on top of the well on the seafloor .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Britain has pledged to cut carbon emissions by 80 % between now and 2050 so we need to cut the emissions from each home to almost zero , '' said David Adams , chairman of the UK Green Buildings Council .	Britain has pledged to cut carbon emissions by 80 % between now and 2049 so we need to cut the emissions from each home to almost zero , '' said David Adams , chairman of the UK Green Buildings Council .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Britain has pledged to cut carbon emissions by 80 % between now and 2050 so we need to cut the emissions from each home to almost zero , '' said David Adams , chairman of the UK Green Buildings Council .	Britain has pledged to cut carbon emissions by 80 % between now and 2051 so we need to cut the emissions from each home to almost zero , '' said David Adams , chairman of the UK Green Buildings Council .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Lee 's game has expanded drastically since 2005 , when the Knicks made him the 30th pick in the draft . ''	Lee 's game has expanded drastically since 2007 , when the Knicks made him the 30th pick in the draft . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Lee 's game has expanded drastically since 2005 , when the Knicks made him the 30th pick in the draft . ''	Lee 's game has expanded drastically before 2005 , when the Knicks made him the 30th pick in the draft . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The novelty item also takes shots at 2004 Democratic nominee John Kerry , Obama 's wife , Michelle , and Obama 's former pastor , the Rev. Jeremiah Wright .	The novelty item also takes shots before 2005 Democratic nominee John Kerry , Obama 's wife , Michelle , and Obama 's former pastor , the Rev. Jeremiah Wright .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The novelty item also takes shots at 2004 Democratic nominee John Kerry , Obama 's wife , Michelle , and Obama 's former pastor , the Rev. Jeremiah Wright .	The novelty item also takes shots after 2004 Democratic nominee John Kerry , Obama 's wife , Michelle , and Obama 's former pastor , the Rev. Jeremiah Wright .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The man walked into the store at about 2155 GMT and produced a hand gun .	The man walked into the store before about 2156 GMT and produced a hand gun .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The man walked into the store at about 2155 GMT and produced a hand gun .	The man walked into the store after about 2155 GMT and produced a hand gun .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Kennedy has been hospitalized in Boston since Saturday , when he was airlifted from Cape Cod after a seizure at his home .	Kennedy has been hospitalized in Boston before Saturday , when he was airlifted from Cape Cod after a seizure at his home .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	This is the first -LRB- abduction -RRB- case since January 12 , '' the head of Haiti 's police anti-kidnapping unit , Francois Dossous , told AFP .	This is the first -LRB- abduction -RRB- case since march 12 , '' the head of Haiti 's police anti-kidnapping unit , Francois Dossous , told AFP .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This is the first -LRB- abduction -RRB- case since January 12 , '' the head of Haiti 's police anti-kidnapping unit , Francois Dossous , told AFP .	This is the first -LRB- abduction -RRB- case before January 12 , '' the head of Haiti 's police anti-kidnapping unit , Francois Dossous , told AFP .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Authorities have arrested a Napa Valley wine tour guide on suspicion of robbing at least 17 banks in California and Utah since July .	Authorities have arrested a Napa Valley wine tour guide on suspicion of robbing at least 17 banks in California and Utah since september .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Authorities have arrested a Napa Valley wine tour guide on suspicion of robbing at least 17 banks in California and Utah since July .	Authorities have arrested a Napa Valley wine tour guide on suspicion of robbing at least 17 banks in California and Utah before July .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	MOGADISHU -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Corpses were scattered on Mogadishu streets on Friday after overnight fighting between Somali insurgents and Ethiopian troops that killed 12 people .	MOGADISHU -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Corpses were scattered on Mogadishu streets on Friday at overnight fighting between Somali insurgents and Ethiopian troops that killed 12 people .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Eight years later , she reprised the role in the film version opposite Lucille Ball , but by then she was already well-established as Maude .	Eight years time , she reprised the role in the film version opposite Lucille Ball , but by then she was already well-established as Maude .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Following on from the British men 's and women 's success at this summer 's EuroHockey Nations Championships , the England Hockey League 2009 / 10 season gets underway this weekend with men 's Premier League side East Grinstead and women 's side Bowdon Hightown looking to defend their titles .	Following on from the British men 's and women 's success before this autumn 's EuroHockey Nations Championships , the England Hockey League 2009 / 10 season gets underway this weekend with men 's Premier League side East Grinstead and women 's side Bowdon Hightown looking to defend their titles .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Following on from the British men 's and women 's success at this summer 's EuroHockey Nations Championships , the England Hockey League 2009 / 10 season gets underway this weekend with men 's Premier League side East Grinstead and women 's side Bowdon Hightown looking to defend their titles .	Following on from the British men 's and women 's success after this summer 's EuroHockey Nations Championships , the England Hockey League 2009 / 10 season gets underway this weekend with men 's Premier League side East Grinstead and women 's side Bowdon Hightown looking to defend their titles .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Four hours later , I woke up to the sound of my parents frantically yelling .	Four hours time , I woke up to the sound of my parents frantically yelling .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	When pressed by Skelton , the four-star general said he can envision more troops leaving after July .	When pressed by Skelton , the four-star general said he can envision more troops leaving after august .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	When pressed by Skelton , the four-star general said he can envision more troops leaving after July .	When pressed by Skelton , the four-star general said he can envision more troops leaving after june .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	When pressed by Skelton , the four-star general said he can envision more troops leaving after July .	When pressed by Skelton , the four-star general said he can envision more troops leaving at July .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	With the Phillies trying to close out their first title since 1980 , the game drew a 45.2 / 60 in Philadelphia .	With the Phillies trying to close out their first title since 1982 , the game drew a 45.2 / 60 in Philadelphia .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	With the Phillies trying to close out their first title since 1980 , the game drew a 45.2 / 60 in Philadelphia .	With the Phillies trying to close out their first title before 1980 , the game drew a 45.2 / 60 in Philadelphia .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Deadly attacks have spiked across Mexico since Calderon , who took office at the end of 2006 , launched an anti-drug offensive from his home state of Michoacan .	Deadly attacks have spiked across Mexico since Calderon , who took office before the end of 2007 , launched an anti-drug offensive from his home state of Michoacan .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Deadly attacks have spiked across Mexico since Calderon , who took office at the end of 2006 , launched an anti-drug offensive from his home state of Michoacan .	Deadly attacks have spiked across Mexico since Calderon , who took office after the end of 2006 , launched an anti-drug offensive from his home state of Michoacan .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But it was the thirty-second consecutive monthly decline for the sector , which has lost more than 1.6 million jobs since January 2007 . ''	But it was the thirty-second consecutive monthly decline for the sector , which has lost more than 1.6 million jobs since march 2007 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But it was the thirty-second consecutive monthly decline for the sector , which has lost more than 1.6 million jobs since January 2007 . ''	But it was the thirty-second consecutive monthly decline for the sector , which has lost more than 1.6 million jobs before January 2007 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Only hours earlier in Kandahar , two men on a motorbike threw acid on six Afghan girls walking to school Wednesday , hospitalizing two of the girls with serious burns , said Dr. Sharifa Siddiqi .	Only hours time in Kandahar , two men on a motorbike threw acid on six Afghan girls walking to school Wednesday , hospitalizing two of the girls with serious burns , said Dr. Sharifa Siddiqi .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 16-year-old was on Cardenden Road in Cardenden on Monday just before 1900 GMT when he was hit by an air gun pellet .	The 16-year-old was on Cardenden Road in Cardenden on Monday just before 1899 GMT when he was hit by an air gun pellet .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The 16-year-old was on Cardenden Road in Cardenden on Monday just before 1900 GMT when he was hit by an air gun pellet .	The 16-year-old was on Cardenden Road in Cardenden on Monday just before 1901 GMT when he was hit by an air gun pellet .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The 16-year-old was on Cardenden Road in Cardenden on Monday just before 1900 GMT when he was hit by an air gun pellet .	The 16-year-old was on Cardenden Road in Cardenden on Monday just at 1900 GMT when he was hit by an air gun pellet .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In 1881 , Czar Alexander II , the ruler of Russia since 1855 , was killed in a St. Petersburg street by a bomb thrown by a member of the revolutionary '' Peopleʼs Will '' group .	In 1881 , Czar Alexander II , the ruler of Russia since 1857 , was killed in a St. Petersburg street by a bomb thrown by a member of the revolutionary '' Peopleʼs Will '' group .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In 1881 , Czar Alexander II , the ruler of Russia since 1855 , was killed in a St. Petersburg street by a bomb thrown by a member of the revolutionary '' Peopleʼs Will '' group .	In 1881 , Czar Alexander II , the ruler of Russia before 1855 , was killed in a St. Petersburg street by a bomb thrown by a member of the revolutionary '' Peopleʼs Will '' group .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	-LRB- Japan reduced the use of BPA in cans between 1998 and 2003 ; as a result , measures of BPA in some Japanese populations dropped more than 50 percent . -RRB-	-LRB- Japan reduced the use of BPA in cans between 1997 and 2003 ; as a result , measures of BPA in some Japanese populations dropped more than 50 percent . -RRB-	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	-LRB- Japan reduced the use of BPA in cans between 1998 and 2003 ; as a result , measures of BPA in some Japanese populations dropped more than 50 percent . -RRB-	-LRB- Japan reduced the use of BPA in cans between 1999 and 2003 ; as a result , measures of BPA in some Japanese populations dropped more than 50 percent . -RRB-	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	It is due to report at the end of January .	It is due to report before the end of february .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It is due to report at the end of January .	It is due to report after the end of January .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But Merritt came over a minute later and said that James wasn ' t talking .	But Merritt came over a minute time and said that James wasn ' t talking .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Rick DiPietro made 26 saves to win for the first time since Jan .	Rick DiPietro made 26 saves to win for the first time before Jan .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	US rapper Eminem will top the bill at this year 's Oxegen music festival in County Kildare .	US rapper Eminem will top the bill after this year 's Oxegen music festival in County Kildare .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Essential maintenance work will be carried out from 5 September at 1900 BST until 0600 BST on 8 September .	Essential maintenance work will be carried out from 5 September before 1901 BST until 0600 BST on 8 September .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Essential maintenance work will be carried out from 5 September at 1900 BST until 0600 BST on 8 September .	Essential maintenance work will be carried out from 5 September after 1900 BST until 0600 BST on 8 September .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Days later , police searched the home Wong shares with his parents in Homestead , Fla .	Days time , police searched the home Wong shares with his parents in Homestead , Fla .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	City did not even want Robinho to travel to Qatar to join the Brazil squad , given that he has not played for his club since August because of an ankle injury .	City did not even want Robinho to travel to Qatar to join the Brazil squad , given that he has not played for his club since october because of an ankle injury .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	City did not even want Robinho to travel to Qatar to join the Brazil squad , given that he has not played for his club since August because of an ankle injury .	City did not even want Robinho to travel to Qatar to join the Brazil squad , given that he has not played for his club before August because of an ankle injury .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Four weeks later , Bamber 's girlfriend Julie Mugford told police he had often boasted to her he was going to kill his parents .	Four weeks time , Bamber 's girlfriend Julie Mugford told police he had often boasted to her he was going to kill his parents .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Benjamin defeated the stroke-play medalist and low amateur at last month 's U.S. Open .	Benjamin defeated the stroke-play medalist and low amateur after last month 's U.S. Open .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Walker broke the record held by Jeff Hartwig at 19-9 1 / 4 .	Walker broke the record held by Jeff Hartwig before 19-9 2 / 4 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Walker broke the record held by Jeff Hartwig at 19-9 1 / 4 .	Walker broke the record held by Jeff Hartwig after 19-9 1 / 4 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	U.S. officials had hoped Iraq would quickly approve the accord put before the cabinet this month , which would give 150,000 American troops legal authority to remain in Iraq after Dec .	U.S. officials had hoped Iraq would quickly approve the accord put before the cabinet this month , which would give 150,000 American troops legal authority to remain in Iraq at Dec .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She was declared in remission on Feb 2 , 2007 , but three months later , scans showed '' not only had it recurred , it metastasized to her liver , '' Nevius said .	She was declared in remission on Feb 2 , 2007 , but three months time , scans showed '' not only had it recurred , it metastasized to her liver , '' Nevius said .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The wounds remain open even in this presidential election , 38 years later .	The wounds remain open even in this presidential election , 38 years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Tim Brooker filed at least four unsuccessful state and federal lawsuits against various officials in Arkansas and other states , and has been a defendant in at least two civil suits since 2000 , The Tulsa -LRB- Okla . -RRB-	Tim Brooker filed at least four unsuccessful state and federal lawsuits against various officials in Arkansas and other states , and has been a defendant in at least two civil suits since 2002 , The Tulsa -LRB- Okla . -RRB-	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Tim Brooker filed at least four unsuccessful state and federal lawsuits against various officials in Arkansas and other states , and has been a defendant in at least two civil suits since 2000 , The Tulsa -LRB- Okla . -RRB-	Tim Brooker filed at least four unsuccessful state and federal lawsuits against various officials in Arkansas and other states , and has been a defendant in at least two civil suits before 2000 , The Tulsa -LRB- Okla . -RRB-	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He was also unable to promise that Labour would not increase VAT to 20 per cent so soon after it returned to 17.5 per cent at the start of the year , something Gordon Brown and Ed Balls have suggested the Tories might do .	He was also unable to promise that Labour would not increase VAT to 20 per cent so soon after it returned to 17.5 per cent after the start of the year , something Gordon Brown and Ed Balls have suggested the Tories might do .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Empire State Index is expected to continue its slide , confirming the market 's view of a 50 basis point rate cut at the end of January , '' Commerzbank said in a note , referring to the next Federal Open Market Committee -LRB- FOMC -RRB- interest rate meeting .	The Empire State Index is expected to continue its slide , confirming the market 's view of a 50 basis point rate cut before the end of february , '' Commerzbank said in a note , referring to the next Federal Open Market Committee -LRB- FOMC -RRB- interest rate meeting .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Empire State Index is expected to continue its slide , confirming the market 's view of a 50 basis point rate cut at the end of January , '' Commerzbank said in a note , referring to the next Federal Open Market Committee -LRB- FOMC -RRB- interest rate meeting .	The Empire State Index is expected to continue its slide , confirming the market 's view of a 50 basis point rate cut after the end of January , '' Commerzbank said in a note , referring to the next Federal Open Market Committee -LRB- FOMC -RRB- interest rate meeting .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Japanese officials immediately issued a warning for a tsunami about 1.6 feet -LRB- 50 centimeters -RRB- high , but removed the warning about an hour later .	Japanese officials immediately issued a warning for a tsunami about 1.6 feet -LRB- 50 centimeters -RRB- high , but removed the warning about an hour time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Three people have died in the flooding since Saturday , though police in Queensland state say seven other people have drowned separately involving swollen rivers and water accidents since tropical deluges began in late November .	Three people have died in the flooding before Saturday , though police in Queensland state say seven other people have drowned separately involving swollen rivers and water accidents since tropical deluges began in late November .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	When he returned a week later she was semi-conscious and unable to communicate except for a few barely perceptible groans .	When he returned a week time she was semi-conscious and unable to communicate except for a few barely perceptible groans .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The rate for over-40s increased fastest , by more than six percent to 12.2 per 1,000 women aged 40 to 44 between 2005 and 2006 , the Office for National Statistics said .	The rate for over-40s increased fastest , by more than six percent to 12.2 per 1,000 women aged 40 to 44 between 2004 and 2006 , the Office for National Statistics said .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The rate for over-40s increased fastest , by more than six percent to 12.2 per 1,000 women aged 40 to 44 between 2005 and 2006 , the Office for National Statistics said .	The rate for over-40s increased fastest , by more than six percent to 12.2 per 1,000 women aged 40 to 44 between 2006 and 2006 , the Office for National Statistics said .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few days later , the children were taken into protective custody , Reiser said .	A few days time , the children were taken into protective custody , Reiser said .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But a year later , Mr. Kyl enraged many of his supporters when he backed a bipartisan Senate immigration bill that allowed most illegal immigrants to remain in the country and file for permanent residence or become guest workers .	But a year time , Mr. Kyl enraged many of his supporters when he backed a bipartisan Senate immigration bill that allowed most illegal immigrants to remain in the country and file for permanent residence or become guest workers .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The spots were among more than 40 provided to reporters before Sunday night .	The spots were among more than 40 provided to reporters at Sunday night .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It is hoped that designs including the recycling of 60 % of non-drinking water collected across the Olympic Park and new habitats to attract wildlife will make the IBC / MPC an eco-friendly facility after 2012 .	It is hoped that designs including the recycling of 60 % of non-drinking water collected across the Olympic Park and new habitats to attract wildlife will make the IBC / MPC an eco-friendly facility after 2013 .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	It is hoped that designs including the recycling of 60 % of non-drinking water collected across the Olympic Park and new habitats to attract wildlife will make the IBC / MPC an eco-friendly facility after 2012 .	It is hoped that designs including the recycling of 60 % of non-drinking water collected across the Olympic Park and new habitats to attract wildlife will make the IBC / MPC an eco-friendly facility after 2011 .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It is hoped that designs including the recycling of 60 % of non-drinking water collected across the Olympic Park and new habitats to attract wildlife will make the IBC / MPC an eco-friendly facility after 2012 .	It is hoped that designs including the recycling of 60 % of non-drinking water collected across the Olympic Park and new habitats to attract wildlife will make the IBC / MPC an eco-friendly facility at 2012 .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It is expected to culminate at the end of this month when the SFO delivers its evidence to the Attorney General , Baroness Scotland , who will decide whether to proceed with a prosecution .	It is expected to culminate after the end of this month when the SFO delivers its evidence to the Attorney General , Baroness Scotland , who will decide whether to proceed with a prosecution .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two years later an al Qaeda attack damaged the French supertanker Limburg in the Gulf of Aden .	Two years time an al Qaeda attack damaged the French supertanker Limburg in the Gulf of Aden .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	They were discovered in 1908 , but there was no evidence of them after 1958 , '' Emmanuel de Merode , head of the Virunga Park where the photos were taken , told Reuters .	They were discovered in 1908 , but there was no evidence of them after 1959 , '' Emmanuel de Merode , head of the Virunga Park where the photos were taken , told Reuters .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	They were discovered in 1908 , but there was no evidence of them after 1958 , '' Emmanuel de Merode , head of the Virunga Park where the photos were taken , told Reuters .	They were discovered in 1908 , but there was no evidence of them after 1957 , '' Emmanuel de Merode , head of the Virunga Park where the photos were taken , told Reuters .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They were discovered in 1908 , but there was no evidence of them after 1958 , '' Emmanuel de Merode , head of the Virunga Park where the photos were taken , told Reuters .	They were discovered in 1908 , but there was no evidence of them at 1958 , '' Emmanuel de Merode , head of the Virunga Park where the photos were taken , told Reuters .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Last week , 39 Senate Republicans and one Democrat wrote Geithner a letter urging him to end the program at the end of the year .	Last week , 39 Senate Republicans and one Democrat wrote Geithner a letter urging him to end the program after the end of the year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	According to Reporters Without Borders , 57 journalists have been killed in Mexico since 2000 and 10 have gone missing .	According to Reporters Without Borders , 57 journalists have been killed in Mexico since 2002 and 10 have gone missing .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	According to Reporters Without Borders , 57 journalists have been killed in Mexico since 2000 and 10 have gone missing .	According to Reporters Without Borders , 57 journalists have been killed in Mexico before 2000 and 10 have gone missing .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Jinda later told the crowd the queen was concerned for the welfare of the protesters who have occupied the prime minister 's official compound since August in a push to oust a government they see as a puppet of ousted leader Thaksin Shinawatra .	Jinda later told the crowd the queen was concerned for the welfare of the protesters who have occupied the prime minister 's official compound since october in a push to oust a government they see as a puppet of ousted leader Thaksin Shinawatra .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Jinda later told the crowd the queen was concerned for the welfare of the protesters who have occupied the prime minister 's official compound since August in a push to oust a government they see as a puppet of ousted leader Thaksin Shinawatra .	Jinda later told the crowd the queen was concerned for the welfare of the protesters who have occupied the prime minister 's official compound before August in a push to oust a government they see as a puppet of ousted leader Thaksin Shinawatra .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The gray uniforms worn by guards since the 1960s in the nationʼs second-largest prison system will be retired in about a month , replaced by a navy polo shirt and gray military-style pants , the Austin -LRB- Texas -RRB- American-Statesman reported .	The gray uniforms worn by guards before the 1960s in the nationʼs second-largest prison system will be retired in about a month , replaced by a navy polo shirt and gray military-style pants , the Austin -LRB- Texas -RRB- American-Statesman reported .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Babies born between April and July are more likely to have a certain heart defect , doctors reported on Monday , and they believe a common infection such as strep throat may play a role .	Babies born between march and July are more likely to have a certain heart defect , doctors reported on Monday , and they believe a common infection such as strep throat may play a role .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Babies born between April and July are more likely to have a certain heart defect , doctors reported on Monday , and they believe a common infection such as strep throat may play a role .	Babies born between may and July are more likely to have a certain heart defect , doctors reported on Monday , and they believe a common infection such as strep throat may play a role .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She had been missing since Friday when she failed to arrive after saying she planned to walk round to a friend 's house nearby .	She had been missing before Friday when she failed to arrive after saying she planned to walk round to a friend 's house nearby .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The road was closed after the crash , which happened at about 1900 BST , until 2300 BST .	The road was closed after the crash , which happened before about 1901 BST , until 2300 BST .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The road was closed after the crash , which happened at about 1900 BST , until 2300 BST .	The road was closed after the crash , which happened after about 1900 BST , until 2300 BST .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	South Wales Police said the incident happened between Llantwit Major and St Athan at 0140 BST on Saturday .	South Wales Police said the incident happened between Llantwit Major and St Athan before 141 BST on Saturday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	South Wales Police said the incident happened between Llantwit Major and St Athan at 0140 BST on Saturday .	South Wales Police said the incident happened between Llantwit Major and St Athan after 0140 BST on Saturday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Pulido , 52 , is backed by many of the city 's neighborhood association leaders , influential developers and the police and fire unions , a base that has helped him get elected every two years since 1994 , often by margins of more than 70 % .	Pulido , 52 , is backed by many of the city 's neighborhood association leaders , influential developers and the police and fire unions , a base that has helped him get elected every two years since 1996 , often by margins of more than 70 % .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Pulido , 52 , is backed by many of the city 's neighborhood association leaders , influential developers and the police and fire unions , a base that has helped him get elected every two years since 1994 , often by margins of more than 70 % .	Pulido , 52 , is backed by many of the city 's neighborhood association leaders , influential developers and the police and fire unions , a base that has helped him get elected every two years before 1994 , often by margins of more than 70 % .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Lawmakers noted that even if the agency met its projection , hundreds of thousands of immigrants who had applied since June would not be naturalized in time to vote in November .	Lawmakers noted that even if the agency met its projection , hundreds of thousands of immigrants who had applied since august would not be naturalized in time to vote in November .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Lawmakers noted that even if the agency met its projection , hundreds of thousands of immigrants who had applied since June would not be naturalized in time to vote in November .	Lawmakers noted that even if the agency met its projection , hundreds of thousands of immigrants who had applied before June would not be naturalized in time to vote in November .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The number of employed persons in Japan fell 0.6 percent from a year earlier to 64.05 million .	The number of employed persons in Japan fell 0.6 percent from a year time to 64.05 million .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Industry research and development funding increased by 25 % between 2003 and 2007 with growth in research activity by medical device -LRB- 59 % -RRB- and biotechnology companies -LRB- 41 % -RRB- significantly outpacing pharmaceutical companies -LRB- 14 % -RRB- .	Industry research and development funding increased by 25 % between 2002 and 2007 with growth in research activity by medical device -LRB- 59 % -RRB- and biotechnology companies -LRB- 41 % -RRB- significantly outpacing pharmaceutical companies -LRB- 14 % -RRB- .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Industry research and development funding increased by 25 % between 2003 and 2007 with growth in research activity by medical device -LRB- 59 % -RRB- and biotechnology companies -LRB- 41 % -RRB- significantly outpacing pharmaceutical companies -LRB- 14 % -RRB- .	Industry research and development funding increased by 25 % between 2004 and 2007 with growth in research activity by medical device -LRB- 59 % -RRB- and biotechnology companies -LRB- 41 % -RRB- significantly outpacing pharmaceutical companies -LRB- 14 % -RRB- .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The polls will be held less than 18 months after the last legislative elections in the troubled Balkan country .	The polls will be held less than 18 months at the last legislative elections in the troubled Balkan country .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Barclays Gilt-Equity Index Study shows that since 1926 Wall Street has risen by an average of 8.8 % in presidential-election years . ''	The Barclays Gilt-Equity Index Study shows that since 1928 Wall Street has risen by an average of 8.8 % in presidential-election years . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Barclays Gilt-Equity Index Study shows that since 1926 Wall Street has risen by an average of 8.8 % in presidential-election years . ''	The Barclays Gilt-Equity Index Study shows that before 1926 Wall Street has risen by an average of 8.8 % in presidential-election years . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Other carmakers are hoarding their cash , and financial investors will note that GM has ploughed $ 7.5 billion into Opel since 2001 for little return .	Other carmakers are hoarding their cash , and financial investors will note that GM has ploughed $ 7.5 billion into Opel since 2003 for little return .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Other carmakers are hoarding their cash , and financial investors will note that GM has ploughed $ 7.5 billion into Opel since 2001 for little return .	Other carmakers are hoarding their cash , and financial investors will note that GM has ploughed $ 7.5 billion into Opel before 2001 for little return .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It will be delivered to Iraq at the beginning of 2008 , the Navy said , to help distinguish insurgents from civilians .	It will be delivered to Iraq before the beginning of 2009 , the Navy said , to help distinguish insurgents from civilians .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It will be delivered to Iraq at the beginning of 2008 , the Navy said , to help distinguish insurgents from civilians .	It will be delivered to Iraq after the beginning of 2008 , the Navy said , to help distinguish insurgents from civilians .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The decline was the smallest since July 2008 , although year-to-date demand fell 25.9 per cent .	The decline was the smallest since september 2008 , although year-to-date demand fell 25.9 per cent .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The decline was the smallest since July 2008 , although year-to-date demand fell 25.9 per cent .	The decline was the smallest before July 2008 , although year-to-date demand fell 25.9 per cent .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The VIX jumped 9.5 percent to end at 30.81 , its biggest percentage gain since late April .	The VIX jumped 9.5 percent to end at 30.81 , its biggest percentage gain since late june .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The VIX jumped 9.5 percent to end at 30.81 , its biggest percentage gain since late April .	The VIX jumped 9.5 percent to end at 30.81 , its biggest percentage gain before late April .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The proportion of children who are obese has been rising steadily since about 1980 , tripling from about 5 percent to more than 15 percent .	The proportion of children who are obese has been rising steadily since about 1982 , tripling from about 5 percent to more than 15 percent .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The proportion of children who are obese has been rising steadily since about 1980 , tripling from about 5 percent to more than 15 percent .	The proportion of children who are obese has been rising steadily before about 1980 , tripling from about 5 percent to more than 15 percent .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Only 3 per cent of postcode areas saw price falls during month , down from 32 per cent in April and around 60 per cent at the beginning of the year .	Only 3 per cent of postcode areas saw price falls during month , down from 32 per cent in April and around 60 per cent after the beginning of the year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A good Angeleno , he flipped the property a year later .	A good Angeleno , he flipped the property a year time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	That will reduce the funds under management , which were $ 8.6 bn at the end of September , by $ 7.5 bn by the end of December , so reducing the expected fee income .	That will reduce the funds under management , which were $ 8.6 bn before the end of october , by $ 7.5 bn by the end of December , so reducing the expected fee income .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That will reduce the funds under management , which were $ 8.6 bn at the end of September , by $ 7.5 bn by the end of December , so reducing the expected fee income .	That will reduce the funds under management , which were $ 8.6 bn after the end of September , by $ 7.5 bn by the end of December , so reducing the expected fee income .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And one Democrat said John Podesta , a leader of the transition team , had told Senate aides on Friday that Obama hoped for speedy confirmation so the new administration could get to work quickly after Jan .	And one Democrat said John Podesta , a leader of the transition team , had told Senate aides on Friday that Obama hoped for speedy confirmation so the new administration could get to work quickly at Jan .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A Kawasaki motorbike and Vauxhall Vectra were involved in the crash in Cuxton Road , Strood , at about 1630 GMT on Saturday .	A Kawasaki motorbike and Vauxhall Vectra were involved in the crash in Cuxton Road , Strood , before about 1631 GMT on Saturday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A Kawasaki motorbike and Vauxhall Vectra were involved in the crash in Cuxton Road , Strood , at about 1630 GMT on Saturday .	A Kawasaki motorbike and Vauxhall Vectra were involved in the crash in Cuxton Road , Strood , after about 1630 GMT on Saturday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nearly 30 years later , said video looks pretty cheesy , with its low budget all-white backdrop and dated special effects .	Nearly 30 years time , said video looks pretty cheesy , with its low budget all-white backdrop and dated special effects .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	According to the indictment , Anderson conspired with unnamed members of the crime ring between 2005 and 2007 to use instant messaging , video messaging , text messaging and video chat software to communicate and share sexual interests in children .	According to the indictment , Anderson conspired with unnamed members of the crime ring between 2004 and 2007 to use instant messaging , video messaging , text messaging and video chat software to communicate and share sexual interests in children .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	According to the indictment , Anderson conspired with unnamed members of the crime ring between 2005 and 2007 to use instant messaging , video messaging , text messaging and video chat software to communicate and share sexual interests in children .	According to the indictment , Anderson conspired with unnamed members of the crime ring between 2006 and 2007 to use instant messaging , video messaging , text messaging and video chat software to communicate and share sexual interests in children .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Under this partnership , Samsung will embed support for RVU in their smart TVs and provide its customers with the full DIRECTV experience , including DVR services , live pause abilities on all screens in the home , 200 hours worth of shared storage , picture-in-picture capabilities and the power to record up to five shows at once .	Under this partnership , Samsung will embed support for RVU in their smart TVs and provide its customers with the full DIRECTV experience , including DVR services , live pause abilities on all screens in the home , 200 hours worth of shared storage , picture-in-picture capabilities and the power to record up to five shows after once .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They portrayed the determination of Los Angeles judicial authorities to bring him to trial so many years later as vindictive and a stain on U.S. democracy .	They portrayed the determination of Los Angeles judicial authorities to bring him to trial so many years time as vindictive and a stain on U.S. democracy .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Toronto city councilors hope to approve a pilot project before summer .	Toronto city councilors hope to approve a pilot project before spring .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Toronto city councilors hope to approve a pilot project before summer .	Toronto city councilors hope to approve a pilot project before autumn .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Toronto city councilors hope to approve a pilot project before summer .	Toronto city councilors hope to approve a pilot project at summer .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Sceptics might like to point out that , before 1992 , no nationwide punctuality figures were kept , limiting the scope for meaningful comparison .	Sceptics might like to point out that , before 1991 , no nationwide punctuality figures were kept , limiting the scope for meaningful comparison .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Sceptics might like to point out that , before 1992 , no nationwide punctuality figures were kept , limiting the scope for meaningful comparison .	Sceptics might like to point out that , before 1993 , no nationwide punctuality figures were kept , limiting the scope for meaningful comparison .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sceptics might like to point out that , before 1992 , no nationwide punctuality figures were kept , limiting the scope for meaningful comparison .	Sceptics might like to point out that , at 1992 , no nationwide punctuality figures were kept , limiting the scope for meaningful comparison .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Miss Samaraweera 's body was found by a passer-by in the park and play area at 0550 BST on 30 May .	Miss Samaraweera 's body was found by a passer-by in the park and play area before 551 BST on 30 May .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Miss Samaraweera 's body was found by a passer-by in the park and play area at 0550 BST on 30 May .	Miss Samaraweera 's body was found by a passer-by in the park and play area after 0550 BST on 30 May .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Nearly one in five women 's and children 's clothes shops across the UK have closed since 1 January -LRB- see graph below -RRB- .	Nearly one in five women 's and children 's clothes shops across the UK have closed since 3 January -LRB- see graph below -RRB- .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nearly one in five women 's and children 's clothes shops across the UK have closed since 1 January -LRB- see graph below -RRB- .	Nearly one in five women 's and children 's clothes shops across the UK have closed before 1 January -LRB- see graph below -RRB- .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Three years later the debate still goes on .	Three years time the debate still goes on .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	, who have been missing since 1985 .	, who have been missing since 1987 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	, who have been missing since 1985 .	, who have been missing before 1985 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A week later , I saw the wreck of my little white car at a sunny impound lot in the San Fernando Valley .	A week time , I saw the wreck of my little white car at a sunny impound lot in the San Fernando Valley .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two days later , Han mounted revenge attacks on Uighurs , although security forces dispersed many with tear gas . ''	Two days time , Han mounted revenge attacks on Uighurs , although security forces dispersed many with tear gas . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	That was it 's biggest one-day point gain since July 2002 .	That was it 's biggest one-day point gain since september 2002 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That was it 's biggest one-day point gain since July 2002 .	That was it 's biggest one-day point gain before July 2002 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In a joint venture with the Brunei government and Royal Dutch Shell , Mitsubishi has since 1972 produced and shipped natural gas mainly to Japan . ''	In a joint venture with the Brunei government and Royal Dutch Shell , Mitsubishi has since 1974 produced and shipped natural gas mainly to Japan . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In a joint venture with the Brunei government and Royal Dutch Shell , Mitsubishi has since 1972 produced and shipped natural gas mainly to Japan . ''	In a joint venture with the Brunei government and Royal Dutch Shell , Mitsubishi has before 1972 produced and shipped natural gas mainly to Japan . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	His tales of growing up in paradise -- with his dog Roger , his tutor and mentor Theo Stephanides , his friends the rose beetle man and Yani the shepherd , and his menagerie : Achilles the tortoise , Quasimodo the pigeon , who liked to march to waltzes , the puppies Widdle and Puke , Old Plop the ancient terrapin -- and of the snow-white villa and the strawberry-pink villa and the daffodil-yellow villa , of parties that began at lunchtime and ended after a midnight bathe at three in the morning , are probably his most vivid legacy .	His tales of growing up in paradise -- with his dog Roger , his tutor and mentor Theo Stephanides , his friends the rose beetle man and Yani the shepherd , and his menagerie : Achilles the tortoise , Quasimodo the pigeon , who liked to march to waltzes , the puppies Widdle and Puke , Old Plop the ancient terrapin -- and of the snow-white villa and the strawberry-pink villa and the daffodil-yellow villa , of parties that began after lunchtime and ended after a midnight bathe at three in the morning , are probably his most vivid legacy .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The investigation will be shown on BBC 1 's Crimewatch at 2100 BST .	The investigation will be shown on BBC 1 's Crimewatch before 2101 BST .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The investigation will be shown on BBC 1 's Crimewatch at 2100 BST .	The investigation will be shown on BBC 1 's Crimewatch after 2100 BST .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	My daughter is still coughing years later when she gets chilled , and my son recently got diagnosed with pneumothorax .	My daughter is still coughing years time when she gets chilled , and my son recently got diagnosed with pneumothorax .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He continued as the principal conductor of the London Philharmonic , a post taken two years earlier .	He continued as the principal conductor of the London Philharmonic , a post taken two years time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He was on a petition alleging the offence on the A76 Dumfries to Kilmarnock road near to Holywood village between 1 January and 26 July . ''	He was on a petition alleging the offence on the A76 Dumfries to Kilmarnock road near to Holywood village between 0 January and 26 July . ''	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	He was on a petition alleging the offence on the A76 Dumfries to Kilmarnock road near to Holywood village between 1 January and 26 July . ''	He was on a petition alleging the offence on the A76 Dumfries to Kilmarnock road near to Holywood village between 2 January and 26 July . ''	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Business Secretary will demand cost-saving measures as a quid pro quo for the billions Labour has pumped into public services since 1997 .	The Business Secretary will demand cost-saving measures as a quid pro quo for the billions Labour has pumped into public services since 1999 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Business Secretary will demand cost-saving measures as a quid pro quo for the billions Labour has pumped into public services since 1997 .	The Business Secretary will demand cost-saving measures as a quid pro quo for the billions Labour has pumped into public services before 1997 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	By Sunday night , three days later , there was still no record of four wounded children having ever arrived at the Emergency Hospital in Lashkar Gah . ''	By Sunday night , three days time , there was still no record of four wounded children having ever arrived at the Emergency Hospital in Lashkar Gah . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Instead of continuing on , the plane was towed away , said the passenger , who was still waiting for a plane five hours later .	Instead of continuing on , the plane was towed away , said the passenger , who was still waiting for a plane five hours time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A full interview with Raymond O ` Hare will be broadcast on The Business , on Sunday morning at 1000 BST , BBC Radio Scotland , 92-95FM , 810mw .	A full interview with Raymond O ` Hare will be broadcast on The Business , on Sunday morning before 1001 BST , BBC Radio Scotland , 92-95FM , 810mw .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A full interview with Raymond O ` Hare will be broadcast on The Business , on Sunday morning at 1000 BST , BBC Radio Scotland , 92-95FM , 810mw .	A full interview with Raymond O ` Hare will be broadcast on The Business , on Sunday morning after 1000 BST , BBC Radio Scotland , 92-95FM , 810mw .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In this last week before the Easter recess , we even forgot the rows this term over the budget , over local income tax , over an independence referendum and over the Scottish Government 's reaction to the recession .	In this last week at the Easter recess , we even forgot the rows this term over the budget , over local income tax , over an independence referendum and over the Scottish Government 's reaction to the recession .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - The Federal Reserve pumped $ 41 billion into the U.S. financial system Thursday , the largest cash infusion since September 2001 , to help companies get through a credit crunch .	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - The Federal Reserve pumped $ 41 billion into the U.S. financial system Thursday , the largest cash infusion since november 2001 , to help companies get through a credit crunch .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - The Federal Reserve pumped $ 41 billion into the U.S. financial system Thursday , the largest cash infusion since September 2001 , to help companies get through a credit crunch .	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - The Federal Reserve pumped $ 41 billion into the U.S. financial system Thursday , the largest cash infusion before September 2001 , to help companies get through a credit crunch .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The boy said he arrived minutes later to find one officer riddled with bullets from head to toe , including a shot in the forehead .	The boy said he arrived minutes time to find one officer riddled with bullets from head to toe , including a shot in the forehead .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mullen said Pakistan doesn ' t get enough credit for the push since spring against militants in the Swat valley and South Waziristan .	Mullen said Pakistan doesn ' t get enough credit for the push since autumn against militants in the Swat valley and South Waziristan .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mullen said Pakistan doesn ' t get enough credit for the push since spring against militants in the Swat valley and South Waziristan .	Mullen said Pakistan doesn ' t get enough credit for the push before spring against militants in the Swat valley and South Waziristan .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Police officers entered the property on Godstow Road , at 0800 GMT , after receiving information cannabis was being grown there .	Police officers entered the property on Godstow Road , before 801 GMT , after receiving information cannabis was being grown there .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Police officers entered the property on Godstow Road , at 0800 GMT , after receiving information cannabis was being grown there .	Police officers entered the property on Godstow Road , after 0800 GMT , after receiving information cannabis was being grown there .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Continental : The German car parts group reported a first-quarter loss of € 267.3 million , compared with a profit of € 167 million in the same period a year earlier , because of the collapse of global car markets .	Continental : The German car parts group reported a first-quarter loss of € 267.3 million , compared with a profit of € 167 million in the same period a year time , because of the collapse of global car markets .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Eight decades later , here 's another one : a Googlesoftware program called SketchUp , which was intended largely for architects and design professionals , has found a very unexpected and welcome fan base -- children with autism .	Eight decades time , here 's another one : a Googlesoftware program called SketchUp , which was intended largely for architects and design professionals , has found a very unexpected and welcome fan base -- children with autism .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Myanmar 's military , which has held power since 1962 , tolerates no dissent .	Myanmar 's military , which has held power since 1964 , tolerates no dissent .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Myanmar 's military , which has held power since 1962 , tolerates no dissent .	Myanmar 's military , which has held power before 1962 , tolerates no dissent .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Peyton Manning hasn ' t lost a fumble since 2007 , but Brees lost six this season .	Peyton Manning hasn ' t lost a fumble since 2009 , but Brees lost six this season .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Peyton Manning hasn ' t lost a fumble since 2007 , but Brees lost six this season .	Peyton Manning hasn ' t lost a fumble before 2007 , but Brees lost six this season .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Startups are responsible for more than a third of all new jobs created in the U.S. , and firms less than five years old accounted for all net job growth between 1980 and 2005 , according to the Kauffman Foundation .	Startups are responsible for more than a third of all new jobs created in the U.S. , and firms less than five years old accounted for all net job growth between 1979 and 2005 , according to the Kauffman Foundation .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Startups are responsible for more than a third of all new jobs created in the U.S. , and firms less than five years old accounted for all net job growth between 1980 and 2005 , according to the Kauffman Foundation .	Startups are responsible for more than a third of all new jobs created in the U.S. , and firms less than five years old accounted for all net job growth between 1981 and 2005 , according to the Kauffman Foundation .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Reporting restrictions were loosened under regulations issued at the start of last year but are due to expire after the Olympics and September 's Paralympics .	Reporting restrictions were loosened under regulations issued after the start of last year but are due to expire after the Olympics and September 's Paralympics .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Taiwan 's October exports , the engine of the economy , fell 8.3 percent from a year earlier , largely on falling demand for electronic and precision products amid a global economic slump .	Taiwan 's October exports , the engine of the economy , fell 8.3 percent from a year time , largely on falling demand for electronic and precision products amid a global economic slump .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Somali pirates have intensified attacks off the lawless country 's coast in recent days , with at least 10 ships seized since the beginning of the month .	Somali pirates have intensified attacks off the lawless country 's coast in recent days , with at least 10 ships seized before the beginning of the month .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Schumacher , who has tested a Ducati MotoGP bike since retiring from Formula One at the end of 2006 , rode a 990cc KTM Super Duke in the 10-lap KTM Trophy race having finished third in Saturday 's qualifying .	Schumacher , who has tested a Ducati MotoGP bike since retiring from Formula One before the end of 2007 , rode a 990cc KTM Super Duke in the 10-lap KTM Trophy race having finished third in Saturday 's qualifying .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Schumacher , who has tested a Ducati MotoGP bike since retiring from Formula One at the end of 2006 , rode a 990cc KTM Super Duke in the 10-lap KTM Trophy race having finished third in Saturday 's qualifying .	Schumacher , who has tested a Ducati MotoGP bike since retiring from Formula One after the end of 2006 , rode a 990cc KTM Super Duke in the 10-lap KTM Trophy race having finished third in Saturday 's qualifying .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	SAN DIEGO -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Sci-fi film '' District 9 '' is expected to lure huge crowds to U.S. theaters when it debuts on Friday after drawing throngs of fanboys to previews at last month 's Comic-Con pop culture convention in San Diego .	SAN DIEGO -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Sci-fi film '' District 9 '' is expected to lure huge crowds to U.S. theaters when it debuts on Friday after drawing throngs of fanboys to previews after last month 's Comic-Con pop culture convention in San Diego .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The duke has also travelled to North Africa as a private visitor on at least two other occasions since 2007 .	The duke has also travelled to North Africa as a private visitor on at least two other occasions since 2009 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The duke has also travelled to North Africa as a private visitor on at least two other occasions since 2007 .	The duke has also travelled to North Africa as a private visitor on at least two other occasions before 2007 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He said digitizing books from before 1868 will help spread Italian culture throughout the world .	He said digitizing books from before 1867 will help spread Italian culture throughout the world .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	He said digitizing books from before 1868 will help spread Italian culture throughout the world .	He said digitizing books from before 1869 will help spread Italian culture throughout the world .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He said digitizing books from before 1868 will help spread Italian culture throughout the world .	He said digitizing books from at 1868 will help spread Italian culture throughout the world .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Five of the 15 JAC members must be judges , while at present three others happen to be current or former judges .	Five of the 15 JAC members must be judges , while after present three others happen to be current or former judges .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The agreement would provide a legal basis for American troops to remain here after the U.N. mandate expires at the end of the year , raising Iraqi concerns about sovereignty issues .	The agreement would provide a legal basis for American troops to remain here after the U.N. mandate expires after the end of the year , raising Iraqi concerns about sovereignty issues .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It ended about five hours later with no one hurt .	It ended about five hours time with no one hurt .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mather also clarified the rules for the prize : the winning entry , harnessing the power of tides or waves , will have to generate 100GW of electricity over a two-year trial period sometime between 2012 and 2017 , enough to power 10,000 homes .	Mather also clarified the rules for the prize : the winning entry , harnessing the power of tides or waves , will have to generate 100GW of electricity over a two-year trial period sometime between 2011 and 2017 , enough to power 10,000 homes .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Mather also clarified the rules for the prize : the winning entry , harnessing the power of tides or waves , will have to generate 100GW of electricity over a two-year trial period sometime between 2012 and 2017 , enough to power 10,000 homes .	Mather also clarified the rules for the prize : the winning entry , harnessing the power of tides or waves , will have to generate 100GW of electricity over a two-year trial period sometime between 2013 and 2017 , enough to power 10,000 homes .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Let cool 15 minutes , remove sides of pan and serve at once or cooled to room temperature .	Let cool 15 minutes , remove sides of pan and serve after once or cooled to room temperature .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Before Alex , Ben is sporting a silly rebellious hair cut , playing with the Others in the jungle , and too green to kill Rousseau - but a couple years later , he 's cleaned up , apparently eliminated the DI just to get Alex a nicer place to live , and willing to kill anyone at the drop of a hat .	Before Alex , Ben is sporting a silly rebellious hair cut , playing with the Others in the jungle , and too green to kill Rousseau - but a couple years time , he 's cleaned up , apparently eliminated the DI just to get Alex a nicer place to live , and willing to kill anyone at the drop of a hat .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Dr Micalizzi 's hedge fund has been registered in the UK since 2004 , according to Financial Services Authority records .	Dr Micalizzi 's hedge fund has been registered in the UK since 2006 , according to Financial Services Authority records .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Dr Micalizzi 's hedge fund has been registered in the UK since 2004 , according to Financial Services Authority records .	Dr Micalizzi 's hedge fund has been registered in the UK before 2004 , according to Financial Services Authority records .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The lights went down at 2000 EST -LRB- 0000 GMT -RRB- , the traditional starting time for evening performances in New York .	The lights went down before 2001 EST -LRB- 0000 GMT -RRB- , the traditional starting time for evening performances in New York .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The lights went down at 2000 EST -LRB- 0000 GMT -RRB- , the traditional starting time for evening performances in New York .	The lights went down after 2000 EST -LRB- 0000 GMT -RRB- , the traditional starting time for evening performances in New York .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Years later , Bert sued to have his father declared mentally unfit when David Walker really did attempt to disinherit his son by giving all his money to the Catholic Church .	Years time , Bert sued to have his father declared mentally unfit when David Walker really did attempt to disinherit his son by giving all his money to the Catholic Church .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	While Christmas shopping a month later , his wife and daughter were killed in a car accident that also injured his two sons .	While Christmas shopping a month time , his wife and daughter were killed in a car accident that also injured his two sons .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	SYDNEY , Australia -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Wild Oats X1 has begun its attempt to win the Sydney-to-Hobart yacht race for the third consecutive year , something no yacht has done since 1948 .	SYDNEY , Australia -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Wild Oats X1 has begun its attempt to win the Sydney-to-Hobart yacht race for the third consecutive year , something no yacht has done since 1950 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	SYDNEY , Australia -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Wild Oats X1 has begun its attempt to win the Sydney-to-Hobart yacht race for the third consecutive year , something no yacht has done since 1948 .	SYDNEY , Australia -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Wild Oats X1 has begun its attempt to win the Sydney-to-Hobart yacht race for the third consecutive year , something no yacht has done before 1948 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The ' Ring ' Without Words '' has been one of Lorin Maazel 's showpieces since 1987 , when he assembled this orchestral overview of Wagner 's four '' Ring '' operas for a recording project with the Berlin Philharmonic on Telarc Records .	The ' Ring ' Without Words '' has been one of Lorin Maazel 's showpieces since 1989 , when he assembled this orchestral overview of Wagner 's four '' Ring '' operas for a recording project with the Berlin Philharmonic on Telarc Records .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The ' Ring ' Without Words '' has been one of Lorin Maazel 's showpieces since 1987 , when he assembled this orchestral overview of Wagner 's four '' Ring '' operas for a recording project with the Berlin Philharmonic on Telarc Records .	The ' Ring ' Without Words '' has been one of Lorin Maazel 's showpieces before 1987 , when he assembled this orchestral overview of Wagner 's four '' Ring '' operas for a recording project with the Berlin Philharmonic on Telarc Records .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Soon after , Parcells spurned an offer at the last minute to be the executive in charge of rebuilding the Falcons .	Soon after , Parcells spurned an offer after the last minute to be the executive in charge of rebuilding the Falcons .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The robbers stole a mobile phone and some money during the incident on 25 September at about 1145 BST .	The robbers stole a mobile phone and some money during the incident on 25 September before about 1146 BST .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The robbers stole a mobile phone and some money during the incident on 25 September at about 1145 BST .	The robbers stole a mobile phone and some money during the incident on 25 September after about 1145 BST .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Rainforest Relief has hounded city and state agencies since 1995 to stop the consumption of rain forest timber for such amenities as the benches in Washington Square Park , the elevated boardwalk on the High Line , and the famous wooden walkway across the Brooklyn Bridge .	Rainforest Relief has hounded city and state agencies since 1997 to stop the consumption of rain forest timber for such amenities as the benches in Washington Square Park , the elevated boardwalk on the High Line , and the famous wooden walkway across the Brooklyn Bridge .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Rainforest Relief has hounded city and state agencies since 1995 to stop the consumption of rain forest timber for such amenities as the benches in Washington Square Park , the elevated boardwalk on the High Line , and the famous wooden walkway across the Brooklyn Bridge .	Rainforest Relief has hounded city and state agencies before 1995 to stop the consumption of rain forest timber for such amenities as the benches in Washington Square Park , the elevated boardwalk on the High Line , and the famous wooden walkway across the Brooklyn Bridge .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Of consumers who will spend less this Christmas , the economy and job insecurity affected 38.6 percent , compared with 27.0 percent a year earlier .	Of consumers who will spend less this Christmas , the economy and job insecurity affected 38.6 percent , compared with 27.0 percent a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Of course , Mr Cameron 's speech isn ' t the only thing happening at this year 's Scottish conference , in Perth .	Of course , Mr Cameron 's speech isn ' t the only thing happening after this year 's Scottish conference , in Perth .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Officers were called to a collision on Hillsborough Road involving a Nissan X-Trail Estate , an Audi 80 and a Land Rover at 1730 BST on Friday .	Officers were called to a collision on Hillsborough Road involving a Nissan X-Trail Estate , an Audi 80 and a Land Rover before 1731 BST on Friday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Officers were called to a collision on Hillsborough Road involving a Nissan X-Trail Estate , an Audi 80 and a Land Rover at 1730 BST on Friday .	Officers were called to a collision on Hillsborough Road involving a Nissan X-Trail Estate , an Audi 80 and a Land Rover after 1730 BST on Friday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A 17-year-old from Hackney , east London , is accused of 11 offences between December 1 , 2007 and February 20 , 2008 - four counts of rape , two of robbery , two of recklessly trespassing on a premises with intent to commit a sexual offence , conspiracy to rape , conspiracy to burgle , and conspiracy to rob .	A 17-year-old from Hackney , east London , is accused of 11 offences between november 1 , 2007 and February 20 , 2008 - four counts of rape , two of robbery , two of recklessly trespassing on a premises with intent to commit a sexual offence , conspiracy to rape , conspiracy to burgle , and conspiracy to rob .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	A 17-year-old from Hackney , east London , is accused of 11 offences between December 1 , 2007 and February 20 , 2008 - four counts of rape , two of robbery , two of recklessly trespassing on a premises with intent to commit a sexual offence , conspiracy to rape , conspiracy to burgle , and conspiracy to rob .	A 17-year-old from Hackney , east London , is accused of 11 offences between january 1 , 2007 and February 20 , 2008 - four counts of rape , two of robbery , two of recklessly trespassing on a premises with intent to commit a sexual offence , conspiracy to rape , conspiracy to burgle , and conspiracy to rob .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Vennegoor of Hesselink then helped himself to a goal six minutes later .	Vennegoor of Hesselink then helped himself to a goal six minutes time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	After working as a parish priest and professor , Dolan spent seven years as rector of the North American College in Rome , considered the West Point for U.S. priests , where he had studied for his own ordination years earlier .	After working as a parish priest and professor , Dolan spent seven years as rector of the North American College in Rome , considered the West Point for U.S. priests , where he had studied for his own ordination years time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Now after a dramatic interlude holed up in the Turkish embassy , where he took refuge at the weekend saying his life was in danger , Anwar is coming out swinging at the government of Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi .	Now after a dramatic interlude holed up in the Turkish embassy , where he took refuge after the weekend saying his life was in danger , Anwar is coming out swinging at the government of Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The US Department of Energy -LRB- DoE -RRB- publishes its latest energy stockpiles data at 1430 GMT .	The US Department of Energy -LRB- DoE -RRB- publishes its latest energy stockpiles data before 1431 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The US Department of Energy -LRB- DoE -RRB- publishes its latest energy stockpiles data at 1430 GMT .	The US Department of Energy -LRB- DoE -RRB- publishes its latest energy stockpiles data after 1430 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Wasps scrum-half Joe Simpson comes in for club-mate Dominic Waldouck , who has been struggling with a back injury since November .	Wasps scrum-half Joe Simpson comes in for club-mate Dominic Waldouck , who has been struggling with a back injury since january .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Wasps scrum-half Joe Simpson comes in for club-mate Dominic Waldouck , who has been struggling with a back injury since November .	Wasps scrum-half Joe Simpson comes in for club-mate Dominic Waldouck , who has been struggling with a back injury before November .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Plugging the changes in water vapour into a climate model that looks at the way different substances absorb and emit infrared radiation , they conclude that between 2000 and 2009 a drop in stratospheric water vapour of less than one part per million slowed the rate of warming at the Earth 's surface by about 25 % .	Plugging the changes in water vapour into a climate model that looks at the way different substances absorb and emit infrared radiation , they conclude that between 1999 and 2009 a drop in stratospheric water vapour of less than one part per million slowed the rate of warming at the Earth 's surface by about 25 % .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Plugging the changes in water vapour into a climate model that looks at the way different substances absorb and emit infrared radiation , they conclude that between 2000 and 2009 a drop in stratospheric water vapour of less than one part per million slowed the rate of warming at the Earth 's surface by about 25 % .	Plugging the changes in water vapour into a climate model that looks at the way different substances absorb and emit infrared radiation , they conclude that between 2001 and 2009 a drop in stratospheric water vapour of less than one part per million slowed the rate of warming at the Earth 's surface by about 25 % .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Rick Ownes Valerio Mezzanotti for The New York Times Coats displayed at the fall 2010 Rick Owens presentation in Milan .	Rick Ownes Valerio Mezzanotti for The New York Times Coats displayed before the fall 2011 Rick Owens presentation in Milan .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Rick Ownes Valerio Mezzanotti for The New York Times Coats displayed at the fall 2010 Rick Owens presentation in Milan .	Rick Ownes Valerio Mezzanotti for The New York Times Coats displayed after the fall 2010 Rick Owens presentation in Milan .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Department and appliance stores sold the ovents between January 2000 to December 2003 .	Department and appliance stores sold the ovents between december 2000 to December 2003 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Department and appliance stores sold the ovents between January 2000 to December 2003 .	Department and appliance stores sold the ovents between february 2000 to December 2003 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Next the government 's policies ensured that the share of the national cake -LRB- GDP -RRB- going to employees in the form of wages and other compensation , fell for the three decades after the 1970s .	Next the government 's policies ensured that the share of the national cake -LRB- GDP -RRB- going to employees in the form of wages and other compensation , fell for the three decades at the 1970s .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He spent a little under a year in Cook County Jail , was transferred to state prison and was released three weeks later , on Oct .	He spent a little under a year in Cook County Jail , was transferred to state prison and was released three weeks time , on Oct .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two doctors confirmed that giving MMR to sufferers like George , who contracted the fever four months earlier , was permitted under patient guidelines with careful watches recommended . ''	Two doctors confirmed that giving MMR to sufferers like George , who contracted the fever four months time , was permitted under patient guidelines with careful watches recommended . ''	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Saturday 's raid followed a similar operation a day earlier in the east , where troops killed more than 20 suspected insurgents and detained 11 others in a raid in three villages in the remote Pitigal Valley , close to the border with Pakistan .	Saturday 's raid followed a similar operation a day time in the east , where troops killed more than 20 suspected insurgents and detained 11 others in a raid in three villages in the remote Pitigal Valley , close to the border with Pakistan .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In an investigative article in the British Journal of Sports Medicine in 2008 , it was shown that the vast majority of positive test results in tennis between 2003 and 2007 had been a consequence not of cheating but of factors such as recreational drug taking and the use of over-the-counter medications prescribed by doctors unfamiliar with the -LRB- ever-expanding -RRB- Prohibited List . ''	In an investigative article in the British Journal of Sports Medicine in 2008 , it was shown that the vast majority of positive test results in tennis between 2002 and 2007 had been a consequence not of cheating but of factors such as recreational drug taking and the use of over-the-counter medications prescribed by doctors unfamiliar with the -LRB- ever-expanding -RRB- Prohibited List . ''	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	In an investigative article in the British Journal of Sports Medicine in 2008 , it was shown that the vast majority of positive test results in tennis between 2003 and 2007 had been a consequence not of cheating but of factors such as recreational drug taking and the use of over-the-counter medications prescribed by doctors unfamiliar with the -LRB- ever-expanding -RRB- Prohibited List . ''	In an investigative article in the British Journal of Sports Medicine in 2008 , it was shown that the vast majority of positive test results in tennis between 2004 and 2007 had been a consequence not of cheating but of factors such as recreational drug taking and the use of over-the-counter medications prescribed by doctors unfamiliar with the -LRB- ever-expanding -RRB- Prohibited List . ''	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Twenty-two years later , the magazine was rescued from its economic troubles by a Canadian media company , which should have taught us Americans to be a bit more humble .	Twenty-two years time , the magazine was rescued from its economic troubles by a Canadian media company , which should have taught us Americans to be a bit more humble .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few hours later , he was sworn in at a naturalization ceremony with another Marine , Lance Cpl. Jose M. Tress , 23 , of Mexico , and a sailor , Cpl. Marco A. Guzman , 28 , of the Phillipines .	A few hours time , he was sworn in at a naturalization ceremony with another Marine , Lance Cpl. Jose M. Tress , 23 , of Mexico , and a sailor , Cpl. Marco A. Guzman , 28 , of the Phillipines .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Boston Herald reported the day before this year 's Super Bowl that a tape of the Rams existed , citing an anonymous source , The Times reported .	The Boston Herald reported the day at this year 's Super Bowl that a tape of the Rams existed , citing an anonymous source , The Times reported .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But 5 minutes later , United -LRB- 14-6-4 -RRB- , unbeaten in their last eight , seized control .	But 5 minutes time , United -LRB- 14-6-4 -RRB- , unbeaten in their last eight , seized control .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Many leading carriers -- including the big three , Lufthansa , Air France-KLM and British Airways -- have been forced in recent weeks to turn to the capital markets to raise fresh funds , but Ryanair said its cash balances had risen to € 2.5 bn -LRB- £ 2.17 bn -RRB- at the end of June , demonstrating the robustness of its low-cost model .	Many leading carriers -- including the big three , Lufthansa , Air France-KLM and British Airways -- have been forced in recent weeks to turn to the capital markets to raise fresh funds , but Ryanair said its cash balances had risen to € 2.5 bn -LRB- £ 2.17 bn -RRB- before the end of july , demonstrating the robustness of its low-cost model .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Many leading carriers -- including the big three , Lufthansa , Air France-KLM and British Airways -- have been forced in recent weeks to turn to the capital markets to raise fresh funds , but Ryanair said its cash balances had risen to € 2.5 bn -LRB- £ 2.17 bn -RRB- at the end of June , demonstrating the robustness of its low-cost model .	Many leading carriers -- including the big three , Lufthansa , Air France-KLM and British Airways -- have been forced in recent weeks to turn to the capital markets to raise fresh funds , but Ryanair said its cash balances had risen to € 2.5 bn -LRB- £ 2.17 bn -RRB- after the end of June , demonstrating the robustness of its low-cost model .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Office for National Statistics said that petrol prices fell 6.1 per cent between September and October 2008 , from £ 1.13 a litre to £ 1.06 a litre on average , the largest monthly fall ever .	The Office for National Statistics said that petrol prices fell 6.1 per cent between august and October 2008 , from £ 1.13 a litre to £ 1.06 a litre on average , the largest monthly fall ever .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The Office for National Statistics said that petrol prices fell 6.1 per cent between September and October 2008 , from £ 1.13 a litre to £ 1.06 a litre on average , the largest monthly fall ever .	The Office for National Statistics said that petrol prices fell 6.1 per cent between october and October 2008 , from £ 1.13 a litre to £ 1.06 a litre on average , the largest monthly fall ever .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sharapova has fresh confidence after her victory at last year 's U.S. Open silenced detractors who suggested that she was spending more time marketing herself than perfecting her backhand .	Sharapova has fresh confidence after her victory after last year 's U.S. Open silenced detractors who suggested that she was spending more time marketing herself than perfecting her backhand .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It earned 85 cents a share a year earlier .	It earned 85 cents a share a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The study , published in a National Bureau of Economic Research working paper , finds on average , the amount of time college-educated women spent on child care went up from 13 to 22 hours per week since the mid-1990s -- mostly coordinating and driving their children to organized activities , while mothers without college spent 11 to 16 hours on child care .	The study , published in a National Bureau of Economic Research working paper , finds on average , the amount of time college-educated women spent on child care went up from 13 to 22 hours per week before the mid-1990s -- mostly coordinating and driving their children to organized activities , while mothers without college spent 11 to 16 hours on child care .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Now , with her desperate attempts to woo delegates not fairly chosen , she wants to give this country its third stolen election since 2000 .	Now , with her desperate attempts to woo delegates not fairly chosen , she wants to give this country its third stolen election since 2002 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Now , with her desperate attempts to woo delegates not fairly chosen , she wants to give this country its third stolen election since 2000 .	Now , with her desperate attempts to woo delegates not fairly chosen , she wants to give this country its third stolen election before 2000 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Representatives of the play said that the actor 's condition could not have been as serious as a heart attack because he returned to the role a week later .	Representatives of the play said that the actor 's condition could not have been as serious as a heart attack because he returned to the role a week time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Then she went inside and five minutes later came the first blast .	Then she went inside and five minutes time came the first blast .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	There would be huge relief among the veterans -- who took part in the programme on the Australian mainland , Monte Bello islands and Christmas Island between 1952 and 195 -- that the Government 's manoeuvring had been faced down .	There would be huge relief among the veterans -- who took part in the programme on the Australian mainland , Monte Bello islands and Christmas Island between 1951 and 195 -- that the Government 's manoeuvring had been faced down .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	There would be huge relief among the veterans -- who took part in the programme on the Australian mainland , Monte Bello islands and Christmas Island between 1952 and 195 -- that the Government 's manoeuvring had been faced down .	There would be huge relief among the veterans -- who took part in the programme on the Australian mainland , Monte Bello islands and Christmas Island between 1953 and 195 -- that the Government 's manoeuvring had been faced down .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	People say they 're too busy to exercise , especially as it gets cold and darkness falls earlier .	People say they 're too busy to exercise , especially as it gets cold and darkness falls time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Many of the smaller providers have dropped out as the recession bites , despite already paying the initial charges after last year .	Many of the smaller providers have dropped out as the recession bites , despite already paying the initial charges at last year .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	We should have elections before the 9th of January , '' President Gen. Pervez Musharraf said at a press conference .	We should have elections before the 9th of december , '' President Gen. Pervez Musharraf said at a press conference .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	We should have elections before the 9th of January , '' President Gen. Pervez Musharraf said at a press conference .	We should have elections before the 9th of february , '' President Gen. Pervez Musharraf said at a press conference .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	We should have elections before the 9th of January , '' President Gen. Pervez Musharraf said at a press conference .	We should have elections at the 9th of January , '' President Gen. Pervez Musharraf said at a press conference .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A longtime protected witness who was a kingpin of the Casalesi , as the gang from Saviano 's hometown , Casal di Principe , is known , reportedly told an investigator about talk of a plot to kill Saviano before Christmas .	A longtime protected witness who was a kingpin of the Casalesi , as the gang from Saviano 's hometown , Casal di Principe , is known , reportedly told an investigator about talk of a plot to kill Saviano at Christmas .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Neil goes off half-cocked sometimes , but then will come back an hour later and say , no , the issue is more complex .	Neil goes off half-cocked sometimes , but then will come back an hour time and say , no , the issue is more complex .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A man has been arrested after a serious sex assault in Shropshire at the weekend .	A man has been arrested after a serious sex assault in Shropshire after the weekend .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	After going from hassle to problem to issue and back to hassle -LRB- since the mid ' 80s -RRB- of using MSDOS based systems I finally decided to find out what all this hype was about the iMac .	After going from hassle to problem to issue and back to hassle -LRB- before the mid ' 80s -RRB- of using MSDOS based systems I finally decided to find out what all this hype was about the iMac .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And disbelief turned to despair seconds later as Drogba 's lofted finish drifted over Hull keeper Boaz Myhill and in at the far post to give Ancelotti his first three points since his summer switch from AC Milan .	And disbelief turned to despair seconds time as Drogba 's lofted finish drifted over Hull keeper Boaz Myhill and in at the far post to give Ancelotti his first three points since his summer switch from AC Milan .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The British defense group since June has been the subject of a criminal investigation in the United States of possible anti-corruption law violations related to its activities in Saudi Arabia . ''	The British defense group since august has been the subject of a criminal investigation in the United States of possible anti-corruption law violations related to its activities in Saudi Arabia . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The British defense group since June has been the subject of a criminal investigation in the United States of possible anti-corruption law violations related to its activities in Saudi Arabia . ''	The British defense group before June has been the subject of a criminal investigation in the United States of possible anti-corruption law violations related to its activities in Saudi Arabia . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Citigroup and Merrill Lynch canvassed the top 20 shareholders in Rio at the end of last week , and told BHP over the weekend that by far the majority of leading investors remained furious with Rio 's plan to raise cash and sell assets to the state-owned Chinese mining group .	Citigroup and Merrill Lynch canvassed the top 20 shareholders in Rio after the end of last week , and told BHP over the weekend that by far the majority of leading investors remained furious with Rio 's plan to raise cash and sell assets to the state-owned Chinese mining group .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Tourmaline is a local favorite because it is reserved only for surfers since the 1960s .	Tourmaline is a local favorite because it is reserved only for surfers before the 1960s .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Meanwhile , there are rumors that the ultimate bellwether of high-tech health , the semiconductor book-to-bill ratio , which plummeted at the end of last year , is now slowly creeping back to 1 : 1 , the official signal for the next upturn .	Meanwhile , there are rumors that the ultimate bellwether of high-tech health , the semiconductor book-to-bill ratio , which plummeted after the end of last year , is now slowly creeping back to 1 : 1 , the official signal for the next upturn .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Belisario left the team before Tuesday night 's 8-0 series-opening win over the New York Mets .	Belisario left the team at Tuesday night 's 8-0 series-opening win over the New York Mets .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hundreds of people have complained to the BBC about the park since the weekend , saying the animals looked unhappy and huskies looked thin and were chained up in a pen .	Hundreds of people have complained to the BBC about the park before the weekend , saying the animals looked unhappy and huskies looked thin and were chained up in a pen .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In February consumer confidence took a tumble : By one gauge , consumers ' assessment of current conditions , it was at its lowest level since 1983 .	In February consumer confidence took a tumble : By one gauge , consumers ' assessment of current conditions , it was at its lowest level since 1985 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In February consumer confidence took a tumble : By one gauge , consumers ' assessment of current conditions , it was at its lowest level since 1983 .	In February consumer confidence took a tumble : By one gauge , consumers ' assessment of current conditions , it was at its lowest level before 1983 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Whoever set that house on fire '' could have got the one next door and I would have been hit , '' said Foreman , speaking through protective metal bars on the door of the house she has lived in since 1973 .	Whoever set that house on fire '' could have got the one next door and I would have been hit , '' said Foreman , speaking through protective metal bars on the door of the house she has lived in since 1975 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Whoever set that house on fire '' could have got the one next door and I would have been hit , '' said Foreman , speaking through protective metal bars on the door of the house she has lived in since 1973 .	Whoever set that house on fire '' could have got the one next door and I would have been hit , '' said Foreman , speaking through protective metal bars on the door of the house she has lived in before 1973 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The central bank has left the benchmark fed funds rate unchanged at 5.25 percent for more than year after a string of increases and hasn ' t cut rates since 2003 .	The central bank has left the benchmark fed funds rate unchanged at 5.25 percent for more than year after a string of increases and hasn ' t cut rates since 2005 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The central bank has left the benchmark fed funds rate unchanged at 5.25 percent for more than year after a string of increases and hasn ' t cut rates since 2003 .	The central bank has left the benchmark fed funds rate unchanged at 5.25 percent for more than year after a string of increases and hasn ' t cut rates before 2003 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	After spending a night out in Nottingham at the weekend , where she toured the city 's bars , pubs and the hospital 's A & E unit , Mrs Hodson said she was concerned at the amount of time emergency services were forced to spend dealing with alcohol abuse .	After spending a night out in Nottingham after the weekend , where she toured the city 's bars , pubs and the hospital 's A & E unit , Mrs Hodson said she was concerned at the amount of time emergency services were forced to spend dealing with alcohol abuse .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The number of new homes for sale at the end of July was 271,000 , the lowest reading since March 1993 .	The number of new homes for sale before the end of august was 271,000 , the lowest reading since March 1993 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The number of new homes for sale at the end of July was 271,000 , the lowest reading since March 1993 .	The number of new homes for sale after the end of July was 271,000 , the lowest reading since March 1993 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The extent to which Mr Cameron should spell out cuts has divided the Tory leadership since last summer .	The extent to which Mr Cameron should spell out cuts has divided the Tory leadership since last winter .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The extent to which Mr Cameron should spell out cuts has divided the Tory leadership since last summer .	The extent to which Mr Cameron should spell out cuts has divided the Tory leadership before last summer .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	With nine changes made from the Liverpool team that beat West Ham United at the weekend , Benítez followed his Carling Cup policy and used the competition to play some of his fringe players .	With nine changes made from the Liverpool team that beat West Ham United after the weekend , Benítez followed his Carling Cup policy and used the competition to play some of his fringe players .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The excavation was carried out between October and February by archaeologists from Australian Cultural Heritage Management who were hired by the local Aborigines to find and preserve heritage sites within the mine area run by resource giant Rio Tinto .	The excavation was carried out between september and February by archaeologists from Australian Cultural Heritage Management who were hired by the local Aborigines to find and preserve heritage sites within the mine area run by resource giant Rio Tinto .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The excavation was carried out between October and February by archaeologists from Australian Cultural Heritage Management who were hired by the local Aborigines to find and preserve heritage sites within the mine area run by resource giant Rio Tinto .	The excavation was carried out between november and February by archaeologists from Australian Cultural Heritage Management who were hired by the local Aborigines to find and preserve heritage sites within the mine area run by resource giant Rio Tinto .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	In a separate incident on the Platt Industrial Estate near Sevenoaks , 7,000 litres of diesel was taken between 30 November and 1 December .	In a separate incident on the Platt Industrial Estate near Sevenoaks , 7,000 litres of diesel was taken between 29 November and 1 December .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	In a separate incident on the Platt Industrial Estate near Sevenoaks , 7,000 litres of diesel was taken between 30 November and 1 December .	In a separate incident on the Platt Industrial Estate near Sevenoaks , 7,000 litres of diesel was taken between 31 November and 1 December .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Three months on , it has the highest rating of any government since 1979 , except for Blair 's after the New Labour landslide of 1997 .	Three months on , it has the highest rating of any government since 1981 , except for Blair 's after the New Labour landslide of 1997 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Three months on , it has the highest rating of any government since 1979 , except for Blair 's after the New Labour landslide of 1997 .	Three months on , it has the highest rating of any government before 1979 , except for Blair 's after the New Labour landslide of 1997 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Surrey Fire and Rescue were called to the property in Green Lane , Farnham , at about 0310 GMT .	Surrey Fire and Rescue were called to the property in Green Lane , Farnham , before about 311 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Surrey Fire and Rescue were called to the property in Green Lane , Farnham , at about 0310 GMT .	Surrey Fire and Rescue were called to the property in Green Lane , Farnham , after about 0310 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Critics have pointed out before now that the web management systems of many websites have been so poor that almost any system would produce tangible improvements to sales .	Critics have pointed out at now that the web management systems of many websites have been so poor that almost any system would produce tangible improvements to sales .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Coast Guard C-130 with seven crew members aboard collided shortly after 7 p.m. Remember that , before Rusedski tired of the cruel , almost publicity-free regime in his homeland and sought political asylum and magazine covers in the UK , he was a passport-carrying Canadian .	The Coast Guard C-130 with seven crew members aboard collided shortly after 8 p.m. Remember that , before Rusedski tired of the cruel , almost publicity-free regime in his homeland and sought political asylum and magazine covers in the UK , he was a passport-carrying Canadian .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The Coast Guard C-130 with seven crew members aboard collided shortly after 7 p.m. Remember that , before Rusedski tired of the cruel , almost publicity-free regime in his homeland and sought political asylum and magazine covers in the UK , he was a passport-carrying Canadian .	The Coast Guard C-130 with seven crew members aboard collided shortly after 6 p.m. Remember that , before Rusedski tired of the cruel , almost publicity-free regime in his homeland and sought political asylum and magazine covers in the UK , he was a passport-carrying Canadian .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Coast Guard C-130 with seven crew members aboard collided shortly after 7 p.m. Remember that , before Rusedski tired of the cruel , almost publicity-free regime in his homeland and sought political asylum and magazine covers in the UK , he was a passport-carrying Canadian .	The Coast Guard C-130 with seven crew members aboard collided shortly at 7 p.m. Remember that , before Rusedski tired of the cruel , almost publicity-free regime in his homeland and sought political asylum and magazine covers in the UK , he was a passport-carrying Canadian .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Although JCB , in common with many heavy industry groups , cut jobs last year in response to the economic slowdown , it said that its Earthmovers division , an award winner , had increased exports by more than 80 per cent between 2005 and 2008 , while Heavy Products , the other winner , had increased exports by more than 60 per cent since 2006 .	Although JCB , in common with many heavy industry groups , cut jobs last year in response to the economic slowdown , it said that its Earthmovers division , an award winner , had increased exports by more than 80 per cent between 2005 and 2008 , while Heavy Products , the other winner , had increased exports by more than 60 per cent since 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Although JCB , in common with many heavy industry groups , cut jobs last year in response to the economic slowdown , it said that its Earthmovers division , an award winner , had increased exports by more than 80 per cent between 2005 and 2008 , while Heavy Products , the other winner , had increased exports by more than 60 per cent since 2006 .	Although JCB , in common with many heavy industry groups , cut jobs last year in response to the economic slowdown , it said that its Earthmovers division , an award winner , had increased exports by more than 80 per cent between 2005 and 2008 , while Heavy Products , the other winner , had increased exports by more than 60 per cent before 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	They were responsible for 103 rapes , 49 arson attacks and 44 manslaughters between April 2006 and this March 2008 .	They were responsible for 103 rapes , 49 arson attacks and 44 manslaughters between march 2006 and this March 2008 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	They were responsible for 103 rapes , 49 arson attacks and 44 manslaughters between April 2006 and this March 2008 .	They were responsible for 103 rapes , 49 arson attacks and 44 manslaughters between may 2006 and this March 2008 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	As for the Houston , the Navy disclosed that the submarine had leaked during stops at Sasebo and Okinawa between 2006 and 2008 .	As for the Houston , the Navy disclosed that the submarine had leaked during stops at Sasebo and Okinawa between 2005 and 2008 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	As for the Houston , the Navy disclosed that the submarine had leaked during stops at Sasebo and Okinawa between 2006 and 2008 .	As for the Houston , the Navy disclosed that the submarine had leaked during stops at Sasebo and Okinawa between 2007 and 2008 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Until this trip he hadn ' t been in Atlantic City since 2004 .	Until this trip he hadn ' t been in Atlantic City since 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Until this trip he hadn ' t been in Atlantic City since 2004 .	Until this trip he hadn ' t been in Atlantic City before 2004 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The order stopped him from leaving his home at night , approaching women , other than in his family , and boarding buses between 0800 and 0930 and between 1500 and 1700 .	The order stopped him from leaving his home at night , approaching women , other than in his family , and boarding buses between 799 and 0930 and between 1500 and 1700 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The order stopped him from leaving his home at night , approaching women , other than in his family , and boarding buses between 0800 and 0930 and between 1500 and 1700 .	The order stopped him from leaving his home at night , approaching women , other than in his family , and boarding buses between 801 and 0930 and between 1500 and 1700 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Australia haven ' t won in Cape Town against the Boks since 1992 and if they are to change that statistic , Deans 's team will have to produce a far better performance than the one they dished up in Auckland three weeks ago .	Australia haven ' t won in Cape Town against the Boks since 1994 and if they are to change that statistic , Deans 's team will have to produce a far better performance than the one they dished up in Auckland three weeks ago .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Australia haven ' t won in Cape Town against the Boks since 1992 and if they are to change that statistic , Deans 's team will have to produce a far better performance than the one they dished up in Auckland three weeks ago .	Australia haven ' t won in Cape Town against the Boks before 1992 and if they are to change that statistic , Deans 's team will have to produce a far better performance than the one they dished up in Auckland three weeks ago .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The writer was also struck by tragedy 16 years later , when his only son John died in the First World War .	The writer was also struck by tragedy 16 years time , when his only son John died in the First World War .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Expedia , the online travel agency , reported a rise in net income to $ 51.3 m -LRB- £ 26m -RRB- from $ 34.8 m a year earlier .	Expedia , the online travel agency , reported a rise in net income to $ 51.3 m -LRB- £ 26m -RRB- from $ 34.8 m a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Her mother had died several years earlier .	Her mother had died several years time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Campos admitted that between 2002 and 2006 she knowingly submitted about $ 170 million in fraudulent medical bills to Medicare on behalf of 75 HIV infusion clinics in Miami-Dade County .	Campos admitted that between 2001 and 2006 she knowingly submitted about $ 170 million in fraudulent medical bills to Medicare on behalf of 75 HIV infusion clinics in Miami-Dade County .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Campos admitted that between 2002 and 2006 she knowingly submitted about $ 170 million in fraudulent medical bills to Medicare on behalf of 75 HIV infusion clinics in Miami-Dade County .	Campos admitted that between 2003 and 2006 she knowingly submitted about $ 170 million in fraudulent medical bills to Medicare on behalf of 75 HIV infusion clinics in Miami-Dade County .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Dow Jones industrials shot up 155 points , closing above 9,500 for the first time since Nov . ''	The Dow Jones industrials shot up 155 points , closing above 9,500 for the first time before Nov . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The global financial crisis has since late last year decreased the demand for Finnish products , which has been reflected in massive layoffs and fewer available jobs .	The global financial crisis has before late last year decreased the demand for Finnish products , which has been reflected in massive layoffs and fewer available jobs .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	UBS economist Tao Wang said China may now raise interest rates , which have been on hold since December 2007 .	UBS economist Tao Wang said China may now raise interest rates , which have been on hold since february 2007 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	UBS economist Tao Wang said China may now raise interest rates , which have been on hold since December 2007 .	UBS economist Tao Wang said China may now raise interest rates , which have been on hold before December 2007 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	... I don ' t think that people may have realized the almost the entire City Council would be wiped out all at once .	... I don ' t think that people may have realized the almost the entire City Council would be wiped out all after once .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This commemorates victims of the 20-minute Allied bombing that created a firestorm , destroying the town just six weeks before the end of World War II .	This commemorates victims of the 20-minute Allied bombing that created a firestorm , destroying the town just six weeks at the end of World War II .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	First-quarter profit for common stockholders fell to $ 419 million , or 24 cents per share , from $ 1.08 billion , or 62 cents per share , a year earlier .	First-quarter profit for common stockholders fell to $ 419 million , or 24 cents per share , from $ 1.08 billion , or 62 cents per share , a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In addition to drawing a salary for the Assembly seat he has held since 1995 , Mr. Steele is paid to be a Passaic County undersheriff -LRB- he is also a minister at Seminary Baptist Church in Paterson -RRB- .	In addition to drawing a salary for the Assembly seat he has held since 1997 , Mr. Steele is paid to be a Passaic County undersheriff -LRB- he is also a minister at Seminary Baptist Church in Paterson -RRB- .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In addition to drawing a salary for the Assembly seat he has held since 1995 , Mr. Steele is paid to be a Passaic County undersheriff -LRB- he is also a minister at Seminary Baptist Church in Paterson -RRB- .	In addition to drawing a salary for the Assembly seat he has held before 1995 , Mr. Steele is paid to be a Passaic County undersheriff -LRB- he is also a minister at Seminary Baptist Church in Paterson -RRB- .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few days later .	A few days time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Sony has sold e-book reading devices with '' electronic ink '' displays in the United States since 2006 , but has seen most of the attention stolen by Amazon.com Inc .	Sony has sold e-book reading devices with '' electronic ink '' displays in the United States since 2008 , but has seen most of the attention stolen by Amazon.com Inc .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sony has sold e-book reading devices with '' electronic ink '' displays in the United States since 2006 , but has seen most of the attention stolen by Amazon.com Inc .	Sony has sold e-book reading devices with '' electronic ink '' displays in the United States before 2006 , but has seen most of the attention stolen by Amazon.com Inc .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	, which launched the Kindle with similar e-ink technology a year later .	, which launched the Kindle with similar e-ink technology a year time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A month later , the State Department suspended the company 's international export activities , blocking its other business .	A month time , the State Department suspended the company 's international export activities , blocking its other business .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Meanwhile , the percentage of believers tumbled from 43.9 percent to 32.2 percent between 1991 and 2001 , according to figures from the Czech Statistical Office .	Meanwhile , the percentage of believers tumbled from 43.9 percent to 32.2 percent between 1990 and 2001 , according to figures from the Czech Statistical Office .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Meanwhile , the percentage of believers tumbled from 43.9 percent to 32.2 percent between 1991 and 2001 , according to figures from the Czech Statistical Office .	Meanwhile , the percentage of believers tumbled from 43.9 percent to 32.2 percent between 1992 and 2001 , according to figures from the Czech Statistical Office .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	It is the third time foreign aid workers have been kidnapped in Darfur since March .	It is the third time foreign aid workers have been kidnapped in Darfur since may .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It is the third time foreign aid workers have been kidnapped in Darfur since March .	It is the third time foreign aid workers have been kidnapped in Darfur before March .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Baker 's story has now been turned into a film , which was showing out of competition at this year 's Cannes Film Festival . ''	Baker 's story has now been turned into a film , which was showing out of competition after this year 's Cannes Film Festival . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Saturday 2 February , 2008 at 1130 GMT on BBC Radio 4 .	From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Saturday 2 February , 2008 before 1131 GMT on BBC Radio 4 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Saturday 2 February , 2008 at 1130 GMT on BBC Radio 4 .	From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Saturday 2 February , 2008 after 1130 GMT on BBC Radio 4 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Much of the new confidence came from the industrial sector , which has benefited this year from the euro 's 6 per cent drop against the dollar since January -- a fall largely attributed to the fiscal indiscipline of the member states that continue to struggle .	Much of the new confidence came from the industrial sector , which has benefited this year from the euro 's 6 per cent drop against the dollar since march -- a fall largely attributed to the fiscal indiscipline of the member states that continue to struggle .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Much of the new confidence came from the industrial sector , which has benefited this year from the euro 's 6 per cent drop against the dollar since January -- a fall largely attributed to the fiscal indiscipline of the member states that continue to struggle .	Much of the new confidence came from the industrial sector , which has benefited this year from the euro 's 6 per cent drop against the dollar before January -- a fall largely attributed to the fiscal indiscipline of the member states that continue to struggle .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	She sits on the advisory boards of LinkedIn and Seedcamp and has been active in European venture since 1994 .	She sits on the advisory boards of LinkedIn and Seedcamp and has been active in European venture since 1996 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She sits on the advisory boards of LinkedIn and Seedcamp and has been active in European venture since 1994 .	She sits on the advisory boards of LinkedIn and Seedcamp and has been active in European venture before 1994 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Crude oil today sank below $ 120 a barrel for the first time since June , while gold slumped to a six week low and copper and platinum prices plunged to their lowest level in six months .	Crude oil today sank below $ 120 a barrel for the first time since august , while gold slumped to a six week low and copper and platinum prices plunged to their lowest level in six months .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Crude oil today sank below $ 120 a barrel for the first time since June , while gold slumped to a six week low and copper and platinum prices plunged to their lowest level in six months .	Crude oil today sank below $ 120 a barrel for the first time before June , while gold slumped to a six week low and copper and platinum prices plunged to their lowest level in six months .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He withdrew from the 100-meter freestyle at the U.S. national championships on Friday after waking up a day earlier with a kink in the left side of his neck .	He withdrew from the 100-meter freestyle at the U.S. national championships on Friday after waking up a day time with a kink in the left side of his neck .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sources with knowledge of the investigation say the intelligence gathered first from abroad and then in Britain before Wednesday 's raids , left counterterrorism officials believing there was too high a risk of an '' imminent '' attempt to bomb targets in Britain and cause mass casualties .	Sources with knowledge of the investigation say the intelligence gathered first from abroad and then in Britain at Wednesday 's raids , left counterterrorism officials believing there was too high a risk of an '' imminent '' attempt to bomb targets in Britain and cause mass casualties .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Although the project has been shelved , hostilities have not abated and at least six villagers have been killed in clashes between locals and communist workers in the latest trouble in Nandigram since Saturday .	Although the project has been shelved , hostilities have not abated and at least six villagers have been killed in clashes between locals and communist workers in the latest trouble in Nandigram before Saturday .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Diomansy Kamara 's first-half penalty had given Fulham a deserved lead , but the sending off of Erik Nevland moments after he had come on at the start of the second half turned the game .	Diomansy Kamara 's first-half penalty had given Fulham a deserved lead , but the sending off of Erik Nevland moments after he had come on after the start of the second half turned the game .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The comedian arrived shortly before 1 a.m. and addressed the audience , which greeted him with thunderous applause .	The comedian arrived shortly before 0 a.m. and addressed the audience , which greeted him with thunderous applause .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The comedian arrived shortly before 1 a.m. and addressed the audience , which greeted him with thunderous applause .	The comedian arrived shortly before 2 a.m. and addressed the audience , which greeted him with thunderous applause .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The comedian arrived shortly before 1 a.m. and addressed the audience , which greeted him with thunderous applause .	The comedian arrived shortly at 1 a.m. and addressed the audience , which greeted him with thunderous applause .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The joint action , to start next year , will escalate tensions between the Government and the teaching profession and comes just weeks before the start of this year 's Sats in English , maths and science for 11 year olds , which start on May 11 .	The joint action , to start next year , will escalate tensions between the Government and the teaching profession and comes just weeks at the start of this year 's Sats in English , maths and science for 11 year olds , which start on May 11 .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	However , overall sales growth slowed almost to a halt as shoppers found it difficult to get to stores during the extreme winter weather experienced before Christmas .	However , overall sales growth slowed almost to a halt as shoppers found it difficult to get to stores during the extreme winter weather experienced at Christmas .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	General Than Shwe reviewed the troops at Tatmadaw - Armed Forces Day - an annual celebration of the 450,000-strong army that has ruled Burma since 1962 .	General Than Shwe reviewed the troops at Tatmadaw - Armed Forces Day - an annual celebration of the 450,000-strong army that has ruled Burma since 1964 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	General Than Shwe reviewed the troops at Tatmadaw - Armed Forces Day - an annual celebration of the 450,000-strong army that has ruled Burma since 1962 .	General Than Shwe reviewed the troops at Tatmadaw - Armed Forces Day - an annual celebration of the 450,000-strong army that has ruled Burma before 1962 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Nearly 3,000 separate claims made by the corporation 's 107 top '' decision-makers '' between April and June this year were posted on its website .	Nearly 3,000 separate claims made by the corporation 's 107 top '' decision-makers '' between march and June this year were posted on its website .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Nearly 3,000 separate claims made by the corporation 's 107 top '' decision-makers '' between April and June this year were posted on its website .	Nearly 3,000 separate claims made by the corporation 's 107 top '' decision-makers '' between may and June this year were posted on its website .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Wörndle 's family has been in the province for 10 generations , and has been running Landgasthof Bad Turmbach , an inn in the village of Monte / Berg since 1965 .	Wörndle 's family has been in the province for 10 generations , and has been running Landgasthof Bad Turmbach , an inn in the village of Monte / Berg since 1967 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Wörndle 's family has been in the province for 10 generations , and has been running Landgasthof Bad Turmbach , an inn in the village of Monte / Berg since 1965 .	Wörndle 's family has been in the province for 10 generations , and has been running Landgasthof Bad Turmbach , an inn in the village of Monte / Berg before 1965 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Farming has taken 90 percent of the kangaroo rat habitat since the middle of the last century .	Farming has taken 90 percent of the kangaroo rat habitat before the middle of the last century .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The event is on 2 November at 1500 BST at Gloucester Cathedral .	The event is on 2 November before 1501 BST at Gloucester Cathedral .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The event is on 2 November at 1500 BST at Gloucester Cathedral .	The event is on 2 November after 1500 BST at Gloucester Cathedral .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Ongoing trauma too plagues the residents of Israel 's southern towns , who live under the constant threat of Palestinian rocket fire , with about 8,000 rockets and mortars fired since 2001 .	Ongoing trauma too plagues the residents of Israel 's southern towns , who live under the constant threat of Palestinian rocket fire , with about 8,000 rockets and mortars fired since 2003 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ongoing trauma too plagues the residents of Israel 's southern towns , who live under the constant threat of Palestinian rocket fire , with about 8,000 rockets and mortars fired since 2001 .	Ongoing trauma too plagues the residents of Israel 's southern towns , who live under the constant threat of Palestinian rocket fire , with about 8,000 rockets and mortars fired before 2001 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It 's a nice problem for Hocutt to have , and it came up in a discussion with Oklahoma athletic director Joe Castiglione -- a South Florida native and longtime friend and mentor of Hocutt -- shortly after Saturday night 's game ended . ''	It 's a nice problem for Hocutt to have , and it came up in a discussion with Oklahoma athletic director Joe Castiglione -- a South Florida native and longtime friend and mentor of Hocutt -- shortly at Saturday night 's game ended . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Gonzalez-Mena left the state prison system three years later under the supervision of parole and probation officials , according to a state corrections spokesman .	Gonzalez-Mena left the state prison system three years time under the supervision of parole and probation officials , according to a state corrections spokesman .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	BUDAPEST -- The National Bank of Hungary cut its main interest rate by a half percentage point to 6.5 percent , its lowest level since June 2006 , to boost economic activity .	BUDAPEST -- The National Bank of Hungary cut its main interest rate by a half percentage point to 6.5 percent , its lowest level since august 2006 , to boost economic activity .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	BUDAPEST -- The National Bank of Hungary cut its main interest rate by a half percentage point to 6.5 percent , its lowest level since June 2006 , to boost economic activity .	BUDAPEST -- The National Bank of Hungary cut its main interest rate by a half percentage point to 6.5 percent , its lowest level before June 2006 , to boost economic activity .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	At least before this month 's turmoil in Iran , the void was being filled increasingly by the Islamic Republic .	At least at this month 's turmoil in Iran , the void was being filled increasingly by the Islamic Republic .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	An ambulance and rapid response vehicle was also sent to a home shortly after 1640 GMT after reports of a child with breathing problems .	An ambulance and rapid response vehicle was also sent to a home shortly after 1641 GMT after reports of a child with breathing problems .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	An ambulance and rapid response vehicle was also sent to a home shortly after 1640 GMT after reports of a child with breathing problems .	An ambulance and rapid response vehicle was also sent to a home shortly after 1639 GMT after reports of a child with breathing problems .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	An ambulance and rapid response vehicle was also sent to a home shortly after 1640 GMT after reports of a child with breathing problems .	An ambulance and rapid response vehicle was also sent to a home shortly at 1640 GMT after reports of a child with breathing problems .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Cornwall Fire Brigade was called out to several incidents in St Austell at about 1500 BST .	Cornwall Fire Brigade was called out to several incidents in St Austell before about 1501 BST .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Cornwall Fire Brigade was called out to several incidents in St Austell at about 1500 BST .	Cornwall Fire Brigade was called out to several incidents in St Austell after about 1500 BST .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	For decades , Burma was wracked by dozens of separatist insurgencies , but since 1989 most groups have signed ceasefire agreements with the military regime .	For decades , Burma was wracked by dozens of separatist insurgencies , but since 1991 most groups have signed ceasefire agreements with the military regime .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	For decades , Burma was wracked by dozens of separatist insurgencies , but since 1989 most groups have signed ceasefire agreements with the military regime .	For decades , Burma was wracked by dozens of separatist insurgencies , but before 1989 most groups have signed ceasefire agreements with the military regime .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Fire crews were called to the house called Charlock on the Grange estate in South Wooton just after 1320 GMT .	Fire crews were called to the house called Charlock on the Grange estate in South Wooton just after 1321 GMT .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Fire crews were called to the house called Charlock on the Grange estate in South Wooton just after 1320 GMT .	Fire crews were called to the house called Charlock on the Grange estate in South Wooton just after 1319 GMT .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Fire crews were called to the house called Charlock on the Grange estate in South Wooton just after 1320 GMT .	Fire crews were called to the house called Charlock on the Grange estate in South Wooton just at 1320 GMT .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He said he would like to play in a tournament before the United States Open , June 12-15 at Torrey Pines Golf Course near San Diego , possibly two weeks earlier at the Memorial Tournament . ''	He said he would like to play in a tournament before the United States Open , June 12-15 at Torrey Pines Golf Course near San Diego , possibly two weeks time at the Memorial Tournament . ''	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The union accused Vale of lying to its workers and shareholders at the weekend , while Vale said union leadership had consistently misrepresented its offers to union members .	The union accused Vale of lying to its workers and shareholders after the weekend , while Vale said union leadership had consistently misrepresented its offers to union members .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Election officials have now had weeks to see exactly what kinds of problems are popping up , and to take care of them before the big day on Tuesday .	Election officials have now had weeks to see exactly what kinds of problems are popping up , and to take care of them at the big day on Tuesday .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Eight hours later , when he was able to speak , he asked about his children .	Eight hours time , when he was able to speak , he asked about his children .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hours later , an elderly woman succumbed .	Hours time , an elderly woman succumbed .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	These state loans may well allow the Kremlin to conduct the biggest property redistribution in the country since the 1990s , especially as the government still has plenty of cash to lend .	These state loans may well allow the Kremlin to conduct the biggest property redistribution in the country before the 1990s , especially as the government still has plenty of cash to lend .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The declassified American documents - four US Justice Department memos underwriting the '' torture '' techniques - reveal that during the interrogation of '' high-value '' suspected terrorist detainees between September 11 , 2001 , and April 2003 , the CIA produced more than 3,000 intelligence reports .	The declassified American documents - four US Justice Department memos underwriting the '' torture '' techniques - reveal that during the interrogation of '' high-value '' suspected terrorist detainees between august 11 , 2001 , and April 2003 , the CIA produced more than 3,000 intelligence reports .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The declassified American documents - four US Justice Department memos underwriting the '' torture '' techniques - reveal that during the interrogation of '' high-value '' suspected terrorist detainees between September 11 , 2001 , and April 2003 , the CIA produced more than 3,000 intelligence reports .	The declassified American documents - four US Justice Department memos underwriting the '' torture '' techniques - reveal that during the interrogation of '' high-value '' suspected terrorist detainees between october 11 , 2001 , and April 2003 , the CIA produced more than 3,000 intelligence reports .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The program is due to go out of business at the end of this year , although Congress is expected to extend it to next October .	The program is due to go out of business after the end of this year , although Congress is expected to extend it to next October .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Moscow - which has had peacekeepers in South Ossetia since 1992 - says it will only withdraw combat troops from Georgian territory once extra security measures are in place .	Moscow - which has had peacekeepers in South Ossetia since 1994 - says it will only withdraw combat troops from Georgian territory once extra security measures are in place .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Moscow - which has had peacekeepers in South Ossetia since 1992 - says it will only withdraw combat troops from Georgian territory once extra security measures are in place .	Moscow - which has had peacekeepers in South Ossetia before 1992 - says it will only withdraw combat troops from Georgian territory once extra security measures are in place .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A year later he began a new training regime that sparked an incredible turnaround in his form .	A year time he began a new training regime that sparked an incredible turnaround in his form .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Romo , running back Felix Jones , left guard Kyle Kosier and cornerback Terence Newman are all expected to return after this week 's bye .	Romo , running back Felix Jones , left guard Kyle Kosier and cornerback Terence Newman are all expected to return at this week 's bye .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	India has been caught in a swirl of protests by Tibetan exiles since last month 's unrest in Tibet .	India has been caught in a swirl of protests by Tibetan exiles before last month 's unrest in Tibet .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But D ` Antoni said they were '' cool '' after Saturday 's play .	But D ` Antoni said they were '' cool '' at Saturday 's play .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Kenya had gone in front against Nigeria through Dennis Oleich but Martins equalised after an hour and Yakubu put the visitors ahead three minutes later .	Kenya had gone in front against Nigeria through Dennis Oleich but Martins equalised after an hour and Yakubu put the visitors ahead three minutes time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Ayres has been in the Air Force since 1985 , and had been the base missile wing commander since May 2008 .	Ayres has been in the Air Force since 1987 , and had been the base missile wing commander since May 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ayres has been in the Air Force since 1985 , and had been the base missile wing commander since May 2008 .	Ayres has been in the Air Force before 1985 , and had been the base missile wing commander since May 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But less than 10 years later I , like Gregor Samsa before me , experienced a metamorphic transformation -- into Gopher .	But less than 10 years time I , like Gregor Samsa before me , experienced a metamorphic transformation -- into Gopher .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Gale , MP for North Thanet since 1983 , told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme : '' What we have put in place does not work and those responsible have got to be replaced .	Gale , MP for North Thanet since 1985 , told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme : '' What we have put in place does not work and those responsible have got to be replaced .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Gale , MP for North Thanet since 1983 , told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme : '' What we have put in place does not work and those responsible have got to be replaced .	Gale , MP for North Thanet before 1983 , told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme : '' What we have put in place does not work and those responsible have got to be replaced .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Come back 30 minutes later and rinse the floor with clean water .	Come back 30 minutes time and rinse the floor with clean water .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He learned about two hours later that Sean had been hurt .	He learned about two hours time that Sean had been hurt .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Montgomery County District Attorney Risa Ferman says video from a bus camera shows Poust driving recklessly before last month 's crash .	Montgomery County District Attorney Risa Ferman says video from a bus camera shows Poust driving recklessly at last month 's crash .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Four days later , Julian 's body was found in a stolen car parked on Chicago 's West Side .	Four days time , Julian 's body was found in a stolen car parked on Chicago 's West Side .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	However , Gonzalo Canale made an excellent break four minutes later before offloading to replacement scrum-half Canavosio , who touched down under the posts for a try that was converted by Bergamasco . ''	However , Gonzalo Canale made an excellent break four minutes time before offloading to replacement scrum-half Canavosio , who touched down under the posts for a try that was converted by Bergamasco . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The crash happened on the A846 near Bridgend on Islay at about 1750 GMT on Tuesday .	The crash happened on the A846 near Bridgend on Islay before about 1751 GMT on Tuesday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The crash happened on the A846 near Bridgend on Islay at about 1750 GMT on Tuesday .	The crash happened on the A846 near Bridgend on Islay after about 1750 GMT on Tuesday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Our 10-gallon hat is feeling about 5 gallons flat today : the country musicians Kix Brooks and Ronnie Dunn , who since 1990 have performed together as Brooks & Dunn , said that they would go their separate ways after a 2010 concert tour , The Associated Press reported .	Our 10-gallon hat is feeling about 5 gallons flat today : the country musicians Kix Brooks and Ronnie Dunn , who since 1992 have performed together as Brooks & Dunn , said that they would go their separate ways after a 2010 concert tour , The Associated Press reported .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Our 10-gallon hat is feeling about 5 gallons flat today : the country musicians Kix Brooks and Ronnie Dunn , who since 1990 have performed together as Brooks & Dunn , said that they would go their separate ways after a 2010 concert tour , The Associated Press reported .	Our 10-gallon hat is feeling about 5 gallons flat today : the country musicians Kix Brooks and Ronnie Dunn , who before 1990 have performed together as Brooks & Dunn , said that they would go their separate ways after a 2010 concert tour , The Associated Press reported .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Reigning world champion Jenson Button left Brawn at the end of the year to join Lewis Hamilton at McLaren , while Rubens Barrichello signed with Williams .	Reigning world champion Jenson Button left Brawn after the end of the year to join Lewis Hamilton at McLaren , while Rubens Barrichello signed with Williams .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	California has received about $ 286 million from the fund since 1965 , affecting 67 of the state parks on the potential closure list , Jarvis wrote .	California has received about $ 286 million from the fund since 1967 , affecting 67 of the state parks on the potential closure list , Jarvis wrote .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	California has received about $ 286 million from the fund since 1965 , affecting 67 of the state parks on the potential closure list , Jarvis wrote .	California has received about $ 286 million from the fund before 1965 , affecting 67 of the state parks on the potential closure list , Jarvis wrote .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	EDITOR 'S NOTE - Tom Raum has covered national affairs and politics for The Associated Press since 1973 . ''	EDITOR 'S NOTE - Tom Raum has covered national affairs and politics for The Associated Press since 1975 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	EDITOR 'S NOTE - Tom Raum has covered national affairs and politics for The Associated Press since 1973 . ''	EDITOR 'S NOTE - Tom Raum has covered national affairs and politics for The Associated Press before 1973 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Seven days later Haig was offered a viscounty , which he bartered up to an earldom .	Seven days time Haig was offered a viscounty , which he bartered up to an earldom .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Sir Win , who has dual British and German citizenship and was born in Aachen in 1941 , joined Citigroup in 2000 after the bank bought Schroders , where he was chairman and had worked since 1966 .	Sir Win , who has dual British and German citizenship and was born in Aachen in 1941 , joined Citigroup in 2000 after the bank bought Schroders , where he was chairman and had worked since 1968 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sir Win , who has dual British and German citizenship and was born in Aachen in 1941 , joined Citigroup in 2000 after the bank bought Schroders , where he was chairman and had worked since 1966 .	Sir Win , who has dual British and German citizenship and was born in Aachen in 1941 , joined Citigroup in 2000 after the bank bought Schroders , where he was chairman and had worked before 1966 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But the county has been without a year-round shelter for men since August 2006 , when a shelter run by Good Shepherd in Brambleton was closed .	But the county has been without a year-round shelter for men since october 2006 , when a shelter run by Good Shepherd in Brambleton was closed .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But the county has been without a year-round shelter for men since August 2006 , when a shelter run by Good Shepherd in Brambleton was closed .	But the county has been without a year-round shelter for men before August 2006 , when a shelter run by Good Shepherd in Brambleton was closed .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Oria served as the Chief Engineer aboard the M / T Nautilus between January and March 2008 and was responsible for all engine room operations .	Oria served as the Chief Engineer aboard the M / T Nautilus between december and March 2008 and was responsible for all engine room operations .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Oria served as the Chief Engineer aboard the M / T Nautilus between January and March 2008 and was responsible for all engine room operations .	Oria served as the Chief Engineer aboard the M / T Nautilus between february and March 2008 and was responsible for all engine room operations .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The group 's operating income in the region is expected to fall to $ 40m in the year ending in June from $ 75m a year earlier , according to research firm Media Partners Asia .	The group 's operating income in the region is expected to fall to $ 40m in the year ending in June from $ 75m a year time , according to research firm Media Partners Asia .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The upsurge in violence prompted Iraqi authorities to impose a round - the-clock curfew on the capital , which expires at sunrise Sunday .	The upsurge in violence prompted Iraqi authorities to impose a round - the-clock curfew on the capital , which expires after sunrise Sunday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Israel had moved five Lebanese prisoners to a military base near the border before dawn Wednesday , preparing to trade them for the two Israeli soldiers captured by Lebanese guerrillas two years ago .	Israel had moved five Lebanese prisoners to a military base near the border at dawn Wednesday , preparing to trade them for the two Israeli soldiers captured by Lebanese guerrillas two years ago .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Wie qualified for her first LPGA Tour event at age 12 , played in the final group of an LPGA major at age 13 and a year later entered the record books with a 68 at the Sony Open , the lowest score by a female golfer competing against men .	Wie qualified for her first LPGA Tour event at age 12 , played in the final group of an LPGA major at age 13 and a year time entered the record books with a 68 at the Sony Open , the lowest score by a female golfer competing against men .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The candy company known for its chocolate bars bite-sized Kisses said the immediate increase was necessary to offset '' significant increases '' in the cost of raw materials such as sugar , cocoa and peanuts -- up as much as 45 percent since the start of the year -- as well as the growing cost of fuel , utilities and transportation .	The candy company known for its chocolate bars bite-sized Kisses said the immediate increase was necessary to offset '' significant increases '' in the cost of raw materials such as sugar , cocoa and peanuts -- up as much as 45 percent before the start of the year -- as well as the growing cost of fuel , utilities and transportation .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Pew conducted telephone interviews with 800 teens aged 12 to 17 and their parents between June 26 and September 24 .	Pew conducted telephone interviews with 800 teens aged 12 to 17 and their parents between may 26 and September 24 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Pew conducted telephone interviews with 800 teens aged 12 to 17 and their parents between June 26 and September 24 .	Pew conducted telephone interviews with 800 teens aged 12 to 17 and their parents between july 26 and September 24 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Police have arrested a man on charges he raped a woman on the same upper Manhattan rooftop where they say he lured another victim two months earlier .	Police have arrested a man on charges he raped a woman on the same upper Manhattan rooftop where they say he lured another victim two months time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	So if you 're going to show every black woman as 400 lb or every black woman as the prostitute on the street ... The Pain Of Emotion will be broadcast on Monday , 21 July , 2008 at 2100 BST on BBC Radio 4 , and for seven days on BBC iPlayer .	So if you 're going to show every black woman as 400 lb or every black woman as the prostitute on the street ... The Pain Of Emotion will be broadcast on Monday , 21 July , 2008 before 2101 BST on BBC Radio 4 , and for seven days on BBC iPlayer .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	So if you 're going to show every black woman as 400 lb or every black woman as the prostitute on the street ... The Pain Of Emotion will be broadcast on Monday , 21 July , 2008 at 2100 BST on BBC Radio 4 , and for seven days on BBC iPlayer .	So if you 're going to show every black woman as 400 lb or every black woman as the prostitute on the street ... The Pain Of Emotion will be broadcast on Monday , 21 July , 2008 after 2100 BST on BBC Radio 4 , and for seven days on BBC iPlayer .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Wyatt , founder of Houstonʼs Coastal Corp. -- now owned by El Paso Corp. -- was accused of providing kickbacks in the form of surcharges to the Iraqi government under former dictator Saddam Hussein to purchase oil under the United Nations Oil-for-Food program between 2000 and 2003 .	Wyatt , founder of Houstonʼs Coastal Corp. -- now owned by El Paso Corp. -- was accused of providing kickbacks in the form of surcharges to the Iraqi government under former dictator Saddam Hussein to purchase oil under the United Nations Oil-for-Food program between 1999 and 2003 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Wyatt , founder of Houstonʼs Coastal Corp. -- now owned by El Paso Corp. -- was accused of providing kickbacks in the form of surcharges to the Iraqi government under former dictator Saddam Hussein to purchase oil under the United Nations Oil-for-Food program between 2000 and 2003 .	Wyatt , founder of Houstonʼs Coastal Corp. -- now owned by El Paso Corp. -- was accused of providing kickbacks in the form of surcharges to the Iraqi government under former dictator Saddam Hussein to purchase oil under the United Nations Oil-for-Food program between 2001 and 2003 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The issue will be on the agenda at next week 's summit between US President George W. Bush and President Lee Myung-Bak .	The issue will be on the agenda after next week 's summit between US President George W. Bush and President Lee Myung-Bak .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	RIO DE JANEIRO , April 13 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- Water shortages have added to the misery of thousands of slum dwellers of Rio de Janeiro after last week 's mudslides that left more than 400 people dead .	RIO DE JANEIRO , April 13 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- Water shortages have added to the misery of thousands of slum dwellers of Rio de Janeiro at last week 's mudslides that left more than 400 people dead .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	ODA sources predict that the site could provide up to 75,000 '' business opportunities '' before 2012 , worth £ 6 billion .	ODA sources predict that the site could provide up to 75,000 '' business opportunities '' before 2011 , worth £ 6 billion .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	ODA sources predict that the site could provide up to 75,000 '' business opportunities '' before 2012 , worth £ 6 billion .	ODA sources predict that the site could provide up to 75,000 '' business opportunities '' before 2013 , worth £ 6 billion .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	ODA sources predict that the site could provide up to 75,000 '' business opportunities '' before 2012 , worth £ 6 billion .	ODA sources predict that the site could provide up to 75,000 '' business opportunities '' at 2012 , worth £ 6 billion .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Cardozo sealed the points 13 minutes later with a volley from an acute angle after Tony Hibbert had failed to close him down .	Cardozo sealed the points 13 minutes time with a volley from an acute angle after Tony Hibbert had failed to close him down .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Wieting now expects nominal U.S. economic growth next year will be the weakest since 1954 , with unemployment climbing to 8.5 percent from the current 6.1 percent .	Wieting now expects nominal U.S. economic growth next year will be the weakest since 1956 , with unemployment climbing to 8.5 percent from the current 6.1 percent .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Wieting now expects nominal U.S. economic growth next year will be the weakest since 1954 , with unemployment climbing to 8.5 percent from the current 6.1 percent .	Wieting now expects nominal U.S. economic growth next year will be the weakest before 1954 , with unemployment climbing to 8.5 percent from the current 6.1 percent .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	This is his third season on the Celtics ' payroll -- he worked two years without pay as a law student and while clerking for a judge -- but his family has had season tickets since 1974 .	This is his third season on the Celtics ' payroll -- he worked two years without pay as a law student and while clerking for a judge -- but his family has had season tickets since 1976 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This is his third season on the Celtics ' payroll -- he worked two years without pay as a law student and while clerking for a judge -- but his family has had season tickets since 1974 .	This is his third season on the Celtics ' payroll -- he worked two years without pay as a law student and while clerking for a judge -- but his family has had season tickets before 1974 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The McDermotts , who were divorced at the beginning of this year , bought the 4,000-square-foot house in 1999 for nearly $ 4 million , public records show .	The McDermotts , who were divorced after the beginning of this year , bought the 4,000-square-foot house in 1999 for nearly $ 4 million , public records show .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	However , Robert Wood , state department spokesman , said Washington remained unhappy that the final text , put out before the weekend , still reaffirmed the controversial declaration of the 2001 Durban meeting .	However , Robert Wood , state department spokesman , said Washington remained unhappy that the final text , put out at the weekend , still reaffirmed the controversial declaration of the 2001 Durban meeting .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Plaintiffs attorneys said Metrolink showed little interest in settling the larger cases until last April , more than four years after the Jan .	Plaintiffs attorneys said Metrolink showed little interest in settling the larger cases until last April , more than four years at the Jan .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The US , which has a navy base in the Horn of Africa , has been loathe to involve itself in Somalia since 1993 when 18 US Marines were killed in a bloody day-long battle with heavily armed militiamen .	The US , which has a navy base in the Horn of Africa , has been loathe to involve itself in Somalia since 1995 when 18 US Marines were killed in a bloody day-long battle with heavily armed militiamen .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The US , which has a navy base in the Horn of Africa , has been loathe to involve itself in Somalia since 1993 when 18 US Marines were killed in a bloody day-long battle with heavily armed militiamen .	The US , which has a navy base in the Horn of Africa , has been loathe to involve itself in Somalia before 1993 when 18 US Marines were killed in a bloody day-long battle with heavily armed militiamen .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few weeks earlier the Plaid Cymru AM was at the centre of more controversy when he announced from the podium the wrong winner at a ceremony for the Wales Book of the Year prize .	A few weeks time the Plaid Cymru AM was at the centre of more controversy when he announced from the podium the wrong winner at a ceremony for the Wales Book of the Year prize .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Right half-forward Paul Galvin of Kerry was voted Vodafone footballer of the year while Kilkenny 's Tommy Walsh was named top hurler at Friday 's awards ceremony .	Right half-forward Paul Galvin of Kerry was voted Vodafone footballer of the year while Kilkenny 's Tommy Walsh was named top hurler after Friday 's awards ceremony .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Fellow leader Park , who missed the cut at last week 's SAIL Open and is ranked 513 , said his game had suddenly improved after watching Singh practice .	Fellow leader Park , who missed the cut after last week 's SAIL Open and is ranked 513 , said his game had suddenly improved after watching Singh practice .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Our constitution is a product of the famous Ahtisaari agreement , but as such it does not recognise UNMIK -LSB- UN mission in Kosovo -RSB- as a constitutional structure after 15 June , therefore UNMIK should move on and leave Kosovo . ''	Our constitution is a product of the famous Ahtisaari agreement , but as such it does not recognise UNMIK -LSB- UN mission in Kosovo -RSB- as a constitutional structure after 16 June , therefore UNMIK should move on and leave Kosovo . ''	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Our constitution is a product of the famous Ahtisaari agreement , but as such it does not recognise UNMIK -LSB- UN mission in Kosovo -RSB- as a constitutional structure after 15 June , therefore UNMIK should move on and leave Kosovo . ''	Our constitution is a product of the famous Ahtisaari agreement , but as such it does not recognise UNMIK -LSB- UN mission in Kosovo -RSB- as a constitutional structure after 14 June , therefore UNMIK should move on and leave Kosovo . ''	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Our constitution is a product of the famous Ahtisaari agreement , but as such it does not recognise UNMIK -LSB- UN mission in Kosovo -RSB- as a constitutional structure after 15 June , therefore UNMIK should move on and leave Kosovo . ''	Our constitution is a product of the famous Ahtisaari agreement , but as such it does not recognise UNMIK -LSB- UN mission in Kosovo -RSB- as a constitutional structure at 15 June , therefore UNMIK should move on and leave Kosovo . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Salvatore and his wife Terry , 59 , had been stuck in the house since Tuesday because water surrounded their home .	Salvatore and his wife Terry , 59 , had been stuck in the house before Tuesday because water surrounded their home .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This fat tub of poop should have been canned long before now .	This fat tub of poop should have been canned long at now .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	She has been married to her husband Andrew , an engineer for a catering firm , since 1993 .	She has been married to her husband Andrew , an engineer for a catering firm , since 1995 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She has been married to her husband Andrew , an engineer for a catering firm , since 1993 .	She has been married to her husband Andrew , an engineer for a catering firm , before 1993 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The dominant grouping since 2001 has been that of the Akhundzada family , who are members of the Alizai tribe , and their various allies .	The dominant grouping since 2003 has been that of the Akhundzada family , who are members of the Alizai tribe , and their various allies .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The dominant grouping since 2001 has been that of the Akhundzada family , who are members of the Alizai tribe , and their various allies .	The dominant grouping before 2001 has been that of the Akhundzada family , who are members of the Alizai tribe , and their various allies .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Conservatives need to do better than they are doing at present if they are to be confident of forming the next government .	The Conservatives need to do better than they are doing after present if they are to be confident of forming the next government .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Stocks dropped 6.9 percent in Tokyo , 6.7 percent in Seoul and 4.2 percent in Sydney , after Wall Street tumbled to its lowest level since March 2003 .	Stocks dropped 6.9 percent in Tokyo , 6.7 percent in Seoul and 4.2 percent in Sydney , after Wall Street tumbled to its lowest level since may 2003 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Stocks dropped 6.9 percent in Tokyo , 6.7 percent in Seoul and 4.2 percent in Sydney , after Wall Street tumbled to its lowest level since March 2003 .	Stocks dropped 6.9 percent in Tokyo , 6.7 percent in Seoul and 4.2 percent in Sydney , after Wall Street tumbled to its lowest level before March 2003 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Almost 30 years later Mr van Agtmael remains as bullish about emerging markets as ever .	Almost 30 years time Mr van Agtmael remains as bullish about emerging markets as ever .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The crash happened on Lowmoor Road , close to the junction with Wolsey Drive , in Kirkby-in-Ashfield , at 0710 GMT . ''	The crash happened on Lowmoor Road , close to the junction with Wolsey Drive , in Kirkby-in-Ashfield , before 711 GMT . ''	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The crash happened on Lowmoor Road , close to the junction with Wolsey Drive , in Kirkby-in-Ashfield , at 0710 GMT . ''	The crash happened on Lowmoor Road , close to the junction with Wolsey Drive , in Kirkby-in-Ashfield , after 0710 GMT . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But a day later , any sense of momentum ended quickly as record oil prices and worse-than-expected unemployment numbers combined to send the markets tumbling .	But a day time , any sense of momentum ended quickly as record oil prices and worse-than-expected unemployment numbers combined to send the markets tumbling .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But large shopping centres will have to open and close later between 20 July and 20 September , after the end of the Paralympics .	But large shopping centres will have to open and close later between 19 July and 20 September , after the end of the Paralympics .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	But large shopping centres will have to open and close later between 20 July and 20 September , after the end of the Paralympics .	But large shopping centres will have to open and close later between 21 July and 20 September , after the end of the Paralympics .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Pixelplus will separately issue an announcement to discuss the Company 's third quarter 2009 results on or before November 30 , 2009 .	Pixelplus will separately issue an announcement to discuss the Company 's third quarter 2009 results on or before october 30 , 2009 .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Pixelplus will separately issue an announcement to discuss the Company 's third quarter 2009 results on or before November 30 , 2009 .	Pixelplus will separately issue an announcement to discuss the Company 's third quarter 2009 results on or before december 30 , 2009 .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Pixelplus will separately issue an announcement to discuss the Company 's third quarter 2009 results on or before November 30 , 2009 .	Pixelplus will separately issue an announcement to discuss the Company 's third quarter 2009 results on or at November 30 , 2009 .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And I think you can disagree with the President , you can argue for different policies , but at the end of the day you have to be part of a team that is there to serve the country and the President who the country elected .	And I think you can disagree with the President , you can argue for different policies , but after the end of the day you have to be part of a team that is there to serve the country and the President who the country elected .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two years later , he was indicted on charges of lying in his testimony .	Two years time , he was indicted on charges of lying in his testimony .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	This is a vexed matter which has tested the House on a number of occasions since 1642 , '' she said .	This is a vexed matter which has tested the House on a number of occasions since 1644 , '' she said .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This is a vexed matter which has tested the House on a number of occasions since 1642 , '' she said .	This is a vexed matter which has tested the House on a number of occasions before 1642 , '' she said .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The accident took place at 0730 IST -LRB- 0200 GMT -RRB- and the train finally left for Ajmer at 1315 -LRB- 0745 GMT -RRB- . ''	The accident took place before 731 IST -LRB- 0200 GMT -RRB- and the train finally left for Ajmer at 1315 -LRB- 0745 GMT -RRB- . ''	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The accident took place at 0730 IST -LRB- 0200 GMT -RRB- and the train finally left for Ajmer at 1315 -LRB- 0745 GMT -RRB- . ''	The accident took place after 0730 IST -LRB- 0200 GMT -RRB- and the train finally left for Ajmer at 1315 -LRB- 0745 GMT -RRB- . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The evolution of the net result will depend on the valuation of hedging instruments based on market values at March 31 , 2009 , '' the airline said in a statement .	The evolution of the net result will depend on the valuation of hedging instruments based on market values before april 31 , 2009 , '' the airline said in a statement .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The evolution of the net result will depend on the valuation of hedging instruments based on market values at March 31 , 2009 , '' the airline said in a statement .	The evolution of the net result will depend on the valuation of hedging instruments based on market values after March 31 , 2009 , '' the airline said in a statement .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The figures also showed the current recession began earlier than expected , with a 0.1 per cent decline seen between April and June last year compared with previous estimates of zero growth . ''	The figures also showed the current recession began earlier than expected , with a 0.1 per cent decline seen between march and June last year compared with previous estimates of zero growth . ''	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The figures also showed the current recession began earlier than expected , with a 0.1 per cent decline seen between April and June last year compared with previous estimates of zero growth . ''	The figures also showed the current recession began earlier than expected , with a 0.1 per cent decline seen between may and June last year compared with previous estimates of zero growth . ''	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nearly five years later , he joined Lilly , which was about to introduce Prozac , the first modern antidepressant -- a drug that changed both psychiatry and the public perception of depression and mental illness .	Nearly five years time , he joined Lilly , which was about to introduce Prozac , the first modern antidepressant -- a drug that changed both psychiatry and the public perception of depression and mental illness .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It had run in the reverse direction toward Russia following supply concerns since 2004 .	It had run in the reverse direction toward Russia following supply concerns since 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It had run in the reverse direction toward Russia following supply concerns since 2004 .	It had run in the reverse direction toward Russia following supply concerns before 2004 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	McDermott and Rose , whose divorce was finalized at the beginning of this year , bought the 4,000-square-foot house in 1999 for nearly $ 4 million , public records show .	McDermott and Rose , whose divorce was finalized after the beginning of this year , bought the 4,000-square-foot house in 1999 for nearly $ 4 million , public records show .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Woods has not missed a Masters or a United States Open since 1995 . ''	Woods has not missed a Masters or a United States Open since 1997 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Woods has not missed a Masters or a United States Open since 1995 . ''	Woods has not missed a Masters or a United States Open before 1995 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	After the men walked away , Mr. Coicou said he found himself alone in front of the club , and drove around the block in his S.U.V. Chelsea hand a first start since August to Michael Essien , and he and Nicolas Anelka replace Florent Malouda and Salomon Kalou .	After the men walked away , Mr. Coicou said he found himself alone in front of the club , and drove around the block in his S.U.V. Chelsea hand a first start since october to Michael Essien , and he and Nicolas Anelka replace Florent Malouda and Salomon Kalou .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	After the men walked away , Mr. Coicou said he found himself alone in front of the club , and drove around the block in his S.U.V. Chelsea hand a first start since August to Michael Essien , and he and Nicolas Anelka replace Florent Malouda and Salomon Kalou .	After the men walked away , Mr. Coicou said he found himself alone in front of the club , and drove around the block in his S.U.V. Chelsea hand a first start before August to Michael Essien , and he and Nicolas Anelka replace Florent Malouda and Salomon Kalou .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He died a few months later , after a hopeless campaign to become mayor of Hayden .	He died a few months time , after a hopeless campaign to become mayor of Hayden .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Saturday 's edition of This Morning will be screened at 1210 GMT while Sunday 's show will start at noon . ''	Saturday 's edition of This Morning will be screened before 1211 GMT while Sunday 's show will start at noon . ''	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Saturday 's edition of This Morning will be screened at 1210 GMT while Sunday 's show will start at noon . ''	Saturday 's edition of This Morning will be screened after 1210 GMT while Sunday 's show will start at noon . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Most of the protesters at Friday 's rally were lowly paid workers from the Philippines although they included several professionals .	Most of the protesters after Friday 's rally were lowly paid workers from the Philippines although they included several professionals .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	CD sales nationwide are down by half since 2000 .	CD sales nationwide are down by half since 2002 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	CD sales nationwide are down by half since 2000 .	CD sales nationwide are down by half before 2000 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The DWI praised Severn Trent Water for its handling of the crisis but said supplies could have been restored up to 48 hours earlier than they were .	The DWI praised Severn Trent Water for its handling of the crisis but said supplies could have been restored up to 48 hours time than they were .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Their rise comes as the Communist Party , which has held absolute power since 1949 , faces growing discontent over unemployment , contaminated infant formula that has sickened more than 300,000 babies , shoddy construction that led to the collapse of thousands of school buildings during last year 's Sichuan earthquake and corruption among public officials at all levels .	Their rise comes as the Communist Party , which has held absolute power since 1951 , faces growing discontent over unemployment , contaminated infant formula that has sickened more than 300,000 babies , shoddy construction that led to the collapse of thousands of school buildings during last year 's Sichuan earthquake and corruption among public officials at all levels .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Their rise comes as the Communist Party , which has held absolute power since 1949 , faces growing discontent over unemployment , contaminated infant formula that has sickened more than 300,000 babies , shoddy construction that led to the collapse of thousands of school buildings during last year 's Sichuan earthquake and corruption among public officials at all levels .	Their rise comes as the Communist Party , which has held absolute power before 1949 , faces growing discontent over unemployment , contaminated infant formula that has sickened more than 300,000 babies , shoddy construction that led to the collapse of thousands of school buildings during last year 's Sichuan earthquake and corruption among public officials at all levels .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The poll of 16,063 respondents was conducted between July 15 and August 31 , 2008 by WorldPublicOpinion.org , a collaborative research project involving research centers from around the world and managed by the Program on International Policy Attitudes -LRB- PIPA -RRB- at the University of Maryland .	The poll of 16,063 respondents was conducted between june 15 and August 31 , 2008 by WorldPublicOpinion.org , a collaborative research project involving research centers from around the world and managed by the Program on International Policy Attitudes -LRB- PIPA -RRB- at the University of Maryland .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The poll of 16,063 respondents was conducted between July 15 and August 31 , 2008 by WorldPublicOpinion.org , a collaborative research project involving research centers from around the world and managed by the Program on International Policy Attitudes -LRB- PIPA -RRB- at the University of Maryland .	The poll of 16,063 respondents was conducted between august 15 and August 31 , 2008 by WorldPublicOpinion.org , a collaborative research project involving research centers from around the world and managed by the Program on International Policy Attitudes -LRB- PIPA -RRB- at the University of Maryland .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Assets in the target-date retirement portfolios were $ 39.7 billion at September 30 , 2009 , accounting for nearly 11 % of the firm 's assets under management and 17.5 % of its mutual fund assets .	Assets in the target-date retirement portfolios were $ 39.7 billion before october 30 , 2009 , accounting for nearly 11 % of the firm 's assets under management and 17.5 % of its mutual fund assets .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Assets in the target-date retirement portfolios were $ 39.7 billion at September 30 , 2009 , accounting for nearly 11 % of the firm 's assets under management and 17.5 % of its mutual fund assets .	Assets in the target-date retirement portfolios were $ 39.7 billion after September 30 , 2009 , accounting for nearly 11 % of the firm 's assets under management and 17.5 % of its mutual fund assets .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But after figures on Tuesday showed a sharp decline in China 's exports -LRB- a year-on-year 22.6 per cent decline in April -RRB- and a big surge in domestic stimulus-related investment -LRB- up 30.5 per cent in the four months to end-April from a year earlier -RRB- , the trends from China are , at best , mixed .	But after figures on Tuesday showed a sharp decline in China 's exports -LRB- a year-on-year 22.6 per cent decline in April -RRB- and a big surge in domestic stimulus-related investment -LRB- up 30.5 per cent in the four months to end-April from a year time -RRB- , the trends from China are , at best , mixed .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr Wilson , who has been MP for East Antrim since 2005 , did not receive a letter but accused journalists of being overly concerned about whether he had .	Mr Wilson , who has been MP for East Antrim since 2007 , did not receive a letter but accused journalists of being overly concerned about whether he had .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr Wilson , who has been MP for East Antrim since 2005 , did not receive a letter but accused journalists of being overly concerned about whether he had .	Mr Wilson , who has been MP for East Antrim before 2005 , did not receive a letter but accused journalists of being overly concerned about whether he had .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It grows a bit tiresome , and Mr. Boulmetis hangs a lot on the shaky premise that , four decades later , a man can still be obsessed with infatuations formed before he was 10 .	It grows a bit tiresome , and Mr. Boulmetis hangs a lot on the shaky premise that , four decades time , a man can still be obsessed with infatuations formed before he was 10 .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Only three minutes later , Bayern were 2-0 behind when Messi turned provider for Eto ' o , who just about stayed onside and finished into the far corner through keeper Hans Jorg Butt 's legs .	Only three minutes time , Bayern were 2-0 behind when Messi turned provider for Eto ' o , who just about stayed onside and finished into the far corner through keeper Hans Jorg Butt 's legs .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Reserve guard Nick Young had a season-high 22 points as the Wizards remain winless since Feb 28 .	Reserve guard Nick Young had a season-high 22 points as the Wizards remain winless since Feb 30 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Reserve guard Nick Young had a season-high 22 points as the Wizards remain winless since Feb 28 .	Reserve guard Nick Young had a season-high 22 points as the Wizards remain winless before Feb 28 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Spring temperatures have risen and oak bud burst now occurs about 10 days earlier than it did 20 years ago .	Spring temperatures have risen and oak bud burst now occurs about 10 days time than it did 20 years ago .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Scotland have not won an opening match in the Six Nations since 2006 and in each of the last three campaigns have recorded just one victory .	Scotland have not won an opening match in the Six Nations since 2008 and in each of the last three campaigns have recorded just one victory .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Scotland have not won an opening match in the Six Nations since 2006 and in each of the last three campaigns have recorded just one victory .	Scotland have not won an opening match in the Six Nations before 2006 and in each of the last three campaigns have recorded just one victory .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	All killing of sea turtles , taking of eggs and sale of sea turtle products has been illegal in Mexico since 1990 .	All killing of sea turtles , taking of eggs and sale of sea turtle products has been illegal in Mexico since 1992 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	All killing of sea turtles , taking of eggs and sale of sea turtle products has been illegal in Mexico since 1990 .	All killing of sea turtles , taking of eggs and sale of sea turtle products has been illegal in Mexico before 1990 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	To be held between 16 and 18 October 2008 at Pragati Maidan , New Delhi , India , the event is one of South Asia 's leading trade fair of its kind , which will deliver to end users and suppliers a unique communication platform which includes an exhibition and conference .	To be held between 15 and 18 October 2008 at Pragati Maidan , New Delhi , India , the event is one of South Asia 's leading trade fair of its kind , which will deliver to end users and suppliers a unique communication platform which includes an exhibition and conference .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	To be held between 16 and 18 October 2008 at Pragati Maidan , New Delhi , India , the event is one of South Asia 's leading trade fair of its kind , which will deliver to end users and suppliers a unique communication platform which includes an exhibition and conference .	To be held between 17 and 18 October 2008 at Pragati Maidan , New Delhi , India , the event is one of South Asia 's leading trade fair of its kind , which will deliver to end users and suppliers a unique communication platform which includes an exhibition and conference .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Belfast Telegraph opts for three separate pictures taken at Wednesday 's funerals .	The Belfast Telegraph opts for three separate pictures taken after Wednesday 's funerals .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	31 , rose to 825 million euros -LRB- $ 1.21 billion -RRB- , up from 634 million euros a year earlier .	31 , rose to 825 million euros -LRB- $ 1.21 billion -RRB- , up from 634 million euros a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Dow Jones Industrial average lost 3.4 percent , ending at its weakest point since May 1997 , while the S & P 500 hit its lowest since April of the same year .	The Dow Jones Industrial average lost 3.4 percent , ending at its weakest point since july 1997 , while the S & P 500 hit its lowest since April of the same year .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Dow Jones Industrial average lost 3.4 percent , ending at its weakest point since May 1997 , while the S & P 500 hit its lowest since April of the same year .	The Dow Jones Industrial average lost 3.4 percent , ending at its weakest point before May 1997 , while the S & P 500 hit its lowest since April of the same year .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The local men , aged 35 , 41 and 45 , suffered bullet wounds and were taken to two hospitals shortly before 0200 GMT .	The local men , aged 35 , 41 and 45 , suffered bullet wounds and were taken to two hospitals shortly before 199 GMT .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The local men , aged 35 , 41 and 45 , suffered bullet wounds and were taken to two hospitals shortly before 0200 GMT .	The local men , aged 35 , 41 and 45 , suffered bullet wounds and were taken to two hospitals shortly before 201 GMT .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The local men , aged 35 , 41 and 45 , suffered bullet wounds and were taken to two hospitals shortly before 0200 GMT .	The local men , aged 35 , 41 and 45 , suffered bullet wounds and were taken to two hospitals shortly at 0200 GMT .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Temasek 's portfolio fell 31 per cent between March 2008 and November last year to S $ 127 billion -LRB- US $ 87bn -RRB- .	Temasek 's portfolio fell 31 per cent between february 2008 and November last year to S $ 127 billion -LRB- US $ 87bn -RRB- .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Temasek 's portfolio fell 31 per cent between March 2008 and November last year to S $ 127 billion -LRB- US $ 87bn -RRB- .	Temasek 's portfolio fell 31 per cent between april 2008 and November last year to S $ 127 billion -LRB- US $ 87bn -RRB- .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	A total of 14 Dutch combat pilots have received similar training in Springfield since 2007 .	A total of 14 Dutch combat pilots have received similar training in Springfield since 2009 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A total of 14 Dutch combat pilots have received similar training in Springfield since 2007 .	A total of 14 Dutch combat pilots have received similar training in Springfield before 2007 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He said minutes later he saw the same Mercedes that had been chased crashed in a tunnel .	He said minutes time he saw the same Mercedes that had been chased crashed in a tunnel .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Another bunch of researchers , accompanied by policy experts , social scientists and journalists , gathered in Asilomar between March 22nd and 26th , hoped for a similar outcome to their deliberations .	Another bunch of researchers , accompanied by policy experts , social scientists and journalists , gathered in Asilomar between february 22nd and 26th , hoped for a similar outcome to their deliberations .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Another bunch of researchers , accompanied by policy experts , social scientists and journalists , gathered in Asilomar between March 22nd and 26th , hoped for a similar outcome to their deliberations .	Another bunch of researchers , accompanied by policy experts , social scientists and journalists , gathered in Asilomar between april 22nd and 26th , hoped for a similar outcome to their deliberations .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	He was nominated for nine BAFTAs , including three for his work on satirical puppet show Spitting Image , between 1987 and last year .	He was nominated for nine BAFTAs , including three for his work on satirical puppet show Spitting Image , between 1986 and last year .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	He was nominated for nine BAFTAs , including three for his work on satirical puppet show Spitting Image , between 1987 and last year .	He was nominated for nine BAFTAs , including three for his work on satirical puppet show Spitting Image , between 1988 and last year .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Now 36 years later , Rosenberg who is healthy and thriving , has founded six start-up tech companies , earned a PhD and become a grandfather .	Now 36 years time , Rosenberg who is healthy and thriving , has founded six start-up tech companies , earned a PhD and become a grandfather .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	I gamely reminded myself that this was precisely what I 'd been looking for -- a landscape unchanged since 1872 -- and set off into the piercing light .	I gamely reminded myself that this was precisely what I 'd been looking for -- a landscape unchanged since 1874 -- and set off into the piercing light .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I gamely reminded myself that this was precisely what I 'd been looking for -- a landscape unchanged since 1872 -- and set off into the piercing light .	I gamely reminded myself that this was precisely what I 'd been looking for -- a landscape unchanged before 1872 -- and set off into the piercing light .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The club announced on their website that Clive Allen and Alex Inglethorpe would be in charge as caretakers for Bolton 's visit to White Hart Lane but that version of events was contradicted within minutes by Harry Redknapp , who said he would meet the Spurs players this morning and be in the dressing room before this afternoon 's match .	The club announced on their website that Clive Allen and Alex Inglethorpe would be in charge as caretakers for Bolton 's visit to White Hart Lane but that version of events was contradicted within minutes by Harry Redknapp , who said he would meet the Spurs players this morning and be in the dressing room at this afternoon 's match .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He said the second explosion there came as police rushed to the scene 15 minutes later , a common tactic used by insurgents to maximize casualties .	He said the second explosion there came as police rushed to the scene 15 minutes time , a common tactic used by insurgents to maximize casualties .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	- Backlog was $ 452.5 million at February 28 , 2009 .	- Backlog was $ 452.5 million before march 28 , 2009 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	- Backlog was $ 452.5 million at February 28 , 2009 .	- Backlog was $ 452.5 million after February 28 , 2009 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two years later , Mr Rose , a widower from Rotherham , moved to a neighbouring cottage .	Two years time , Mr Rose , a widower from Rotherham , moved to a neighbouring cottage .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	, shortly after 9 a.m. '' When we implement a policy that may bring 3,000 to 4,000 bodies , we will do it , '' said Chalerm , a former police captain .	, shortly after 10 a.m. '' When we implement a policy that may bring 3,000 to 4,000 bodies , we will do it , '' said Chalerm , a former police captain .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	, shortly after 9 a.m. '' When we implement a policy that may bring 3,000 to 4,000 bodies , we will do it , '' said Chalerm , a former police captain .	, shortly after 8 a.m. '' When we implement a policy that may bring 3,000 to 4,000 bodies , we will do it , '' said Chalerm , a former police captain .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	, shortly after 9 a.m. '' When we implement a policy that may bring 3,000 to 4,000 bodies , we will do it , '' said Chalerm , a former police captain .	, shortly at 9 a.m. '' When we implement a policy that may bring 3,000 to 4,000 bodies , we will do it , '' said Chalerm , a former police captain .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The loss went to Freddy Garcia -LRB- 0-1 -RRB- who was making his first start since last fall . ''	The loss went to Freddy Garcia -LRB- 0-1 -RRB- who was making his first start before last fall . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	LOS ANGELES -- The hunger for 3-D pictures , a blockbuster publicity campaign and curiosity about another madcap performance from Johnny Depp pushed '' Alice in Wonderland '' to a stratospheric No. 1 at the weekend box office .	LOS ANGELES -- The hunger for 3-D pictures , a blockbuster publicity campaign and curiosity about another madcap performance from Johnny Depp pushed '' Alice in Wonderland '' to a stratospheric No. 1 after the weekend box office .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	About 100 people protested at lunchtime and several people in wheelchairs blocked the tram tracks near the square ahead of a council budget meeting .	About 100 people protested after lunchtime and several people in wheelchairs blocked the tram tracks near the square ahead of a council budget meeting .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few days earlier we had landed in Krakow , Poland , and driven 200 km to the romantic Grand Castle hotel in Liptovsky Hradok , Slovakia - a Renaissance manor house built next to a ruined Gothic castle .	A few days time we had landed in Krakow , Poland , and driven 200 km to the romantic Grand Castle hotel in Liptovsky Hradok , Slovakia - a Renaissance manor house built next to a ruined Gothic castle .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	State and teammate Kevin McNeil returned a fumble for a score 21 seconds later to seal the 19-9 victory .	State and teammate Kevin McNeil returned a fumble for a score 21 seconds time to seal the 19-9 victory .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The attack on the Nevsky Express , a luxury train popular with government officials , tourists and business executives , was Russia 's deadliest terrorist strike outside the volatile North Caucasus region since 2004 .	The attack on the Nevsky Express , a luxury train popular with government officials , tourists and business executives , was Russia 's deadliest terrorist strike outside the volatile North Caucasus region since 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The attack on the Nevsky Express , a luxury train popular with government officials , tourists and business executives , was Russia 's deadliest terrorist strike outside the volatile North Caucasus region since 2004 .	The attack on the Nevsky Express , a luxury train popular with government officials , tourists and business executives , was Russia 's deadliest terrorist strike outside the volatile North Caucasus region before 2004 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	With more than 5,000 US ground troops bound for Haiti this week as part of a major relief effort after Tuesday 's devastating earthquake , US and international officials were watching closely for signs of potential rioting or unrest . ''	With more than 5,000 US ground troops bound for Haiti this week as part of a major relief effort at Tuesday 's devastating earthquake , US and international officials were watching closely for signs of potential rioting or unrest . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	They should also allow the exchange rate to return to the path of gradual appreciation seen between July 2005 and mid-2008 , '' it says .	They should also allow the exchange rate to return to the path of gradual appreciation seen between june 2005 and mid-2008 , '' it says .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	They should also allow the exchange rate to return to the path of gradual appreciation seen between July 2005 and mid-2008 , '' it says .	They should also allow the exchange rate to return to the path of gradual appreciation seen between august 2005 and mid-2008 , '' it says .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Zardari said in an Associated Press interview that the attacks , which have surged since August , hamper the fight against the militants -- a campaign he said was succeeding nonetheless .	Zardari said in an Associated Press interview that the attacks , which have surged since october , hamper the fight against the militants -- a campaign he said was succeeding nonetheless .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Zardari said in an Associated Press interview that the attacks , which have surged since August , hamper the fight against the militants -- a campaign he said was succeeding nonetheless .	Zardari said in an Associated Press interview that the attacks , which have surged before August , hamper the fight against the militants -- a campaign he said was succeeding nonetheless .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mahad Abdullahi Hassan had never heard of Nepal before the day he landed in it . ''	Mahad Abdullahi Hassan had never heard of Nepal at the day he landed in it . ''	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It was a role which would lead him into several notable spats , particularly as his attitudes were deemed distinctly out-of-touch with the prevailing political winds after 1968 .	It was a role which would lead him into several notable spats , particularly as his attitudes were deemed distinctly out-of-touch with the prevailing political winds after 1969 .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	It was a role which would lead him into several notable spats , particularly as his attitudes were deemed distinctly out-of-touch with the prevailing political winds after 1968 .	It was a role which would lead him into several notable spats , particularly as his attitudes were deemed distinctly out-of-touch with the prevailing political winds after 1967 .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It was a role which would lead him into several notable spats , particularly as his attitudes were deemed distinctly out-of-touch with the prevailing political winds after 1968 .	It was a role which would lead him into several notable spats , particularly as his attitudes were deemed distinctly out-of-touch with the prevailing political winds at 1968 .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Like many Turks , Texas members say that the Armenian rapprochement can move forward only if Armenia takes steps to end the occupation of Azerbaijani land that it has controlled since the early 1990s .	Like many Turks , Texas members say that the Armenian rapprochement can move forward only if Armenia takes steps to end the occupation of Azerbaijani land that it has controlled before the early 1990s .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	However , since January 2007 , the rules have been relaxed somewhat , and indoor meetings are now allowed .	However , since march 2007 , the rules have been relaxed somewhat , and indoor meetings are now allowed .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	However , since January 2007 , the rules have been relaxed somewhat , and indoor meetings are now allowed .	However , before January 2007 , the rules have been relaxed somewhat , and indoor meetings are now allowed .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And then all of a sudden the pain just hit me all at once , and I started screaming , '' she said .	And then all of a sudden the pain just hit me all after once , and I started screaming , '' she said .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Slomka had held the job since January 4 , 2006 .	Slomka had held the job since march 4 , 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Slomka had held the job since January 4 , 2006 .	Slomka had held the job before January 4 , 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Consumer spending , which accounts for two-thirds of U.S. output , grew at the slowest pace since 2001 , business investment fell and home building continued to nosedive , recording the biggest drop in 26 years .	Consumer spending , which accounts for two-thirds of U.S. output , grew at the slowest pace since 2003 , business investment fell and home building continued to nosedive , recording the biggest drop in 26 years .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Consumer spending , which accounts for two-thirds of U.S. output , grew at the slowest pace since 2001 , business investment fell and home building continued to nosedive , recording the biggest drop in 26 years .	Consumer spending , which accounts for two-thirds of U.S. output , grew at the slowest pace before 2001 , business investment fell and home building continued to nosedive , recording the biggest drop in 26 years .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In close-nailed furniture , if the nails used are identical they have been manufactured industrially , which implies a date after 1850 . ''	In close-nailed furniture , if the nails used are identical they have been manufactured industrially , which implies a date after 1851 . ''	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	In close-nailed furniture , if the nails used are identical they have been manufactured industrially , which implies a date after 1850 . ''	In close-nailed furniture , if the nails used are identical they have been manufactured industrially , which implies a date after 1849 . ''	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In close-nailed furniture , if the nails used are identical they have been manufactured industrially , which implies a date after 1850 . ''	In close-nailed furniture , if the nails used are identical they have been manufactured industrially , which implies a date at 1850 . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But the Argentinian leveled a minute later with his fifth goal in the last five Bundesliga games when goalkeeper Tim Wiese could not hold Nelson Valdez 's shot .	But the Argentinian leveled a minute time with his fifth goal in the last five Bundesliga games when goalkeeper Tim Wiese could not hold Nelson Valdez 's shot .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Marat Safin began his final French Open campaign before retiring at the end of the year with a 6-4 6-4 6-4 victory over Russian-born Frenchman Alexandre Sidorenko .	Marat Safin began his final French Open campaign before retiring after the end of the year with a 6-4 6-4 6-4 victory over Russian-born Frenchman Alexandre Sidorenko .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Coventry goalkeeper Andy Marshall saved superbly from Dong Guangzhou the nth minute and a minute later Mifsud crashed home the second . ''	Coventry goalkeeper Andy Marshall saved superbly from Dong Guangzhou the nth minute and a minute time Mifsud crashed home the second . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Eton College in Berkshire was closed at the end of last month after four pupils went down with swine flu .	Eton College in Berkshire was closed after the end of last month after four pupils went down with swine flu .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Byetta , a synthetic hormone taken from a lizard , which is similar to a human hormone , is an injection taken before morning and evening meals .	Byetta , a synthetic hormone taken from a lizard , which is similar to a human hormone , is an injection taken at morning and evening meals .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	So now along comes Ann Coulter 2000 years later -LRB- I think she 's arrogant too -RRB- and she still follows Paul in thinking that Christ is the Messiah , i.e. a further / greater revelation of God .	So now along comes Ann Coulter 2000 years time -LRB- I think she 's arrogant too -RRB- and she still follows Paul in thinking that Christ is the Messiah , i.e. a further / greater revelation of God .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	House prices ended 2009 5.9 per cent higher than a year earlier , according to the Nationwide index released on Thursday , in a sign of the surprising strength of the housing market .	House prices ended 2009 5.9 per cent higher than a year time , according to the Nationwide index released on Thursday , in a sign of the surprising strength of the housing market .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Those interviewed include Angus Fraser , but , as the job is specified at present , Middlesex believe it beyond all their applicants .	Those interviewed include Angus Fraser , but , as the job is specified after present , Middlesex believe it beyond all their applicants .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	For a start , who are these people who still get their holiday photos developed as opposed to just bunging them on their computer at home and then losing them two years later when it crashes ?	For a start , who are these people who still get their holiday photos developed as opposed to just bunging them on their computer at home and then losing them two years time when it crashes ?	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The affected cars were sold between 2006 and last year .	The affected cars were sold between 2005 and last year .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The affected cars were sold between 2006 and last year .	The affected cars were sold between 2007 and last year .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	While the rumour of a modern version of Taxi Driver has rumbled since 2005 , the Danish film magazine Ekko once again opened up the possibility this week . ''	While the rumour of a modern version of Taxi Driver has rumbled since 2007 , the Danish film magazine Ekko once again opened up the possibility this week . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	While the rumour of a modern version of Taxi Driver has rumbled since 2005 , the Danish film magazine Ekko once again opened up the possibility this week . ''	While the rumour of a modern version of Taxi Driver has rumbled before 2005 , the Danish film magazine Ekko once again opened up the possibility this week . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nearly 40 years later , he could report that he was reading the '' turgid German prose '' of Gregor Mendel -LRB- 1822-84 -RRB- , the father of genetics , during his one-hour commutes between his home in Tunbridge Wells and the Linnean Society in Piccadilly .	Nearly 40 years time , he could report that he was reading the '' turgid German prose '' of Gregor Mendel -LRB- 1822-84 -RRB- , the father of genetics , during his one-hour commutes between his home in Tunbridge Wells and the Linnean Society in Piccadilly .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Majestic wines , which sells 20 million bottles of wine a year , also said it had seen a 50 per cent increase in sales since Wednesday .	Majestic wines , which sells 20 million bottles of wine a year , also said it had seen a 50 per cent increase in sales before Wednesday .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He has headed the sport since September 1992 , guiding it to record financial growth .	He has headed the sport since november 1992 , guiding it to record financial growth .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He has headed the sport since September 1992 , guiding it to record financial growth .	He has headed the sport before September 1992 , guiding it to record financial growth .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The teams have not met in a World Cup qualifier since 1949 , when they played twice in Mexico City .	The teams have not met in a World Cup qualifier since 1951 , when they played twice in Mexico City .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The teams have not met in a World Cup qualifier since 1949 , when they played twice in Mexico City .	The teams have not met in a World Cup qualifier before 1949 , when they played twice in Mexico City .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Her action is based on the fact that the doping test was carried out by foreigners on behalf of the IAAF on French soil , while the French agency for the fight against doping is the body which has since 2006 been ensured with carrying out such procedures in France .	Her action is based on the fact that the doping test was carried out by foreigners on behalf of the IAAF on French soil , while the French agency for the fight against doping is the body which has since 2008 been ensured with carrying out such procedures in France .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Her action is based on the fact that the doping test was carried out by foreigners on behalf of the IAAF on French soil , while the French agency for the fight against doping is the body which has since 2006 been ensured with carrying out such procedures in France .	Her action is based on the fact that the doping test was carried out by foreigners on behalf of the IAAF on French soil , while the French agency for the fight against doping is the body which has before 2006 been ensured with carrying out such procedures in France .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	There is every reason to believe the visit will take place sometime at the beginning of March , '' Zebari told reporters .	There is every reason to believe the visit will take place sometime before the beginning of april , '' Zebari told reporters .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	There is every reason to believe the visit will take place sometime at the beginning of March , '' Zebari told reporters .	There is every reason to believe the visit will take place sometime after the beginning of March , '' Zebari told reporters .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr Osborne , an MP since 2001 whose only other job was as a political adviser , is frankly still in short trousers when put up against Lord Mandelson , who invented the black art of spin .	Mr Osborne , an MP since 2003 whose only other job was as a political adviser , is frankly still in short trousers when put up against Lord Mandelson , who invented the black art of spin .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr Osborne , an MP since 2001 whose only other job was as a political adviser , is frankly still in short trousers when put up against Lord Mandelson , who invented the black art of spin .	Mr Osborne , an MP before 2001 whose only other job was as a political adviser , is frankly still in short trousers when put up against Lord Mandelson , who invented the black art of spin .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They knew the rules before now and so did Senator Hillary Clinton .	They knew the rules at now and so did Senator Hillary Clinton .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Somalis are experiencing near-daily atrocities , including rape , the shelling of civilian areas and fighting that has forced more than 100,000 to flee their homes since May , the U.N. refugee agency said Tuesday . ''	Somalis are experiencing near-daily atrocities , including rape , the shelling of civilian areas and fighting that has forced more than 100,000 to flee their homes since july , the U.N. refugee agency said Tuesday . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Somalis are experiencing near-daily atrocities , including rape , the shelling of civilian areas and fighting that has forced more than 100,000 to flee their homes since May , the U.N. refugee agency said Tuesday . ''	Somalis are experiencing near-daily atrocities , including rape , the shelling of civilian areas and fighting that has forced more than 100,000 to flee their homes before May , the U.N. refugee agency said Tuesday . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	According to a recent Pew Research poll , white support for Mr Obama has plunged by 11 points since April .	According to a recent Pew Research poll , white support for Mr Obama has plunged by 11 points since june .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	According to a recent Pew Research poll , white support for Mr Obama has plunged by 11 points since April .	According to a recent Pew Research poll , white support for Mr Obama has plunged by 11 points before April .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Securities , in the aggregate , decreased by $ 257.0 million , or 17.6 % , to $ 1.20 billion at June 30 , 2009 , from $ 1.46 billion at June 30 , 2008 .	Securities , in the aggregate , decreased by $ 257.0 million , or 17.6 % , to $ 1.20 billion before july 30 , 2009 , from $ 1.46 billion at June 30 , 2008 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Securities , in the aggregate , decreased by $ 257.0 million , or 17.6 % , to $ 1.20 billion at June 30 , 2009 , from $ 1.46 billion at June 30 , 2008 .	Securities , in the aggregate , decreased by $ 257.0 million , or 17.6 % , to $ 1.20 billion after June 30 , 2009 , from $ 1.46 billion at June 30 , 2008 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	During the review , Justice identified an additional 100 cases since the 1970s involving the suspect FBI experts .	During the review , Justice identified an additional 100 cases before the 1970s involving the suspect FBI experts .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A photograph of the crash site in Paris 1997 , shown at the inquest before Thursday 's hearing .	A photograph of the crash site in Paris 1997 , shown at the inquest at Thursday 's hearing .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But Ronaldo does not want his colleagues to take their foot of the gas and keep the pressure on the Catalan side , who won the Club World Cup in Abu Dhabi , when the season resumes again on January 2 after the winter break .	But Ronaldo does not want his colleagues to take their foot of the gas and keep the pressure on the Catalan side , who won the Club World Cup in Abu Dhabi , when the season resumes again on January 2 after the spring break .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	But Ronaldo does not want his colleagues to take their foot of the gas and keep the pressure on the Catalan side , who won the Club World Cup in Abu Dhabi , when the season resumes again on January 2 after the winter break .	But Ronaldo does not want his colleagues to take their foot of the gas and keep the pressure on the Catalan side , who won the Club World Cup in Abu Dhabi , when the season resumes again on January 2 after the autumn break .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But Ronaldo does not want his colleagues to take their foot of the gas and keep the pressure on the Catalan side , who won the Club World Cup in Abu Dhabi , when the season resumes again on January 2 after the winter break .	But Ronaldo does not want his colleagues to take their foot of the gas and keep the pressure on the Catalan side , who won the Club World Cup in Abu Dhabi , when the season resumes again on January 2 at the winter break .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	We had a woman who claimed she could put a glass of water on a table , come back 20 minutes later , and the glass would have slid three feet , '' says Hawes .	We had a woman who claimed she could put a glass of water on a table , come back 20 minutes time , and the glass would have slid three feet , '' says Hawes .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But crude prices are still up a third since the start of the year , prompting concerns over their drag on economic growth .	But crude prices are still up a third before the start of the year , prompting concerns over their drag on economic growth .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He carried out the offence between 5 April 2006 , and 12 July 2007 . ''	He carried out the offence between 4 April 2006 , and 12 July 2007 . ''	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	He carried out the offence between 5 April 2006 , and 12 July 2007 . ''	He carried out the offence between 6 April 2006 , and 12 July 2007 . ''	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A rather forlorn-looking Del Potro had his knee taped before the start of the second set and his mood would not have improved as Hewitt 's all-court game flourished .	A rather forlorn-looking Del Potro had his knee taped at the start of the second set and his mood would not have improved as Hewitt 's all-court game flourished .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Clintons were also the subject of debate at Thursday night 's GOP debate in Florida , with the GOP contenders seemingly auditioning for how they would run against Hillary Clinton in the general election .	The Clintons were also the subject of debate after Thursday night 's GOP debate in Florida , with the GOP contenders seemingly auditioning for how they would run against Hillary Clinton in the general election .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The most monumental gun sale in the history of mankind has been going on since November , '' he says .	The most monumental gun sale in the history of mankind has been going on since january , '' he says .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The most monumental gun sale in the history of mankind has been going on since November , '' he says .	The most monumental gun sale in the history of mankind has been going on before November , '' he says .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A string of scandals have dogged Berlusconi since late April .	A string of scandals have dogged Berlusconi since late june .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A string of scandals have dogged Berlusconi since late April .	A string of scandals have dogged Berlusconi before late April .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The shingles vaccine has been available since 2006 , but to date , only 2 % of Americans 60 and over have been vaccinated against the disease , an extremely painful condition caused by the chickenpox virus that hits 1 million new patients a year -- almost half of all unvaccinated adults who live to 85 .	The shingles vaccine has been available since 2008 , but to date , only 2 % of Americans 60 and over have been vaccinated against the disease , an extremely painful condition caused by the chickenpox virus that hits 1 million new patients a year -- almost half of all unvaccinated adults who live to 85 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The shingles vaccine has been available since 2006 , but to date , only 2 % of Americans 60 and over have been vaccinated against the disease , an extremely painful condition caused by the chickenpox virus that hits 1 million new patients a year -- almost half of all unvaccinated adults who live to 85 .	The shingles vaccine has been available before 2006 , but to date , only 2 % of Americans 60 and over have been vaccinated against the disease , an extremely painful condition caused by the chickenpox virus that hits 1 million new patients a year -- almost half of all unvaccinated adults who live to 85 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But both still search eagerly for cash -- hauling in at least $ 13 million between them since Election Day on Nov .	But both still search eagerly for cash -- hauling in at least $ 13 million between them before Election Day on Nov .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Jackie Drayton , a Labour councillor in the area , used to console herself that there have been gangs in the city ever since the 1920s and , anyway , the violence is targeted not random . ''	Jackie Drayton , a Labour councillor in the area , used to console herself that there have been gangs in the city ever before the 1920s and , anyway , the violence is targeted not random . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Tokyo 's Nikkei 225 index sank nearly 5 percent to 11,609.72 , its lowest close since July 2005 , while Hong Kong 's blue-chip Hang Seng Index shed 5.4 percent to its lowest point in nearly two years .	Tokyo 's Nikkei 225 index sank nearly 5 percent to 11,609.72 , its lowest close since september 2005 , while Hong Kong 's blue-chip Hang Seng Index shed 5.4 percent to its lowest point in nearly two years .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Tokyo 's Nikkei 225 index sank nearly 5 percent to 11,609.72 , its lowest close since July 2005 , while Hong Kong 's blue-chip Hang Seng Index shed 5.4 percent to its lowest point in nearly two years .	Tokyo 's Nikkei 225 index sank nearly 5 percent to 11,609.72 , its lowest close before July 2005 , while Hong Kong 's blue-chip Hang Seng Index shed 5.4 percent to its lowest point in nearly two years .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Imada had one of the best rounds of a rainy day , his 67 catapulting hirom a tie for eighth at the start of the day to second at 11-under 277 .	Imada had one of the best rounds of a rainy day , his 67 catapulting hirom a tie for eighth after the start of the day to second at 11-under 277 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Sir Howard Hodgkin has strong ties to Bath as he attended the Bath Academy of Art from 1950 to 1954 , and he also went on to teach at the Academy for more than 10 years between 1955 and 1966 .	Sir Howard Hodgkin has strong ties to Bath as he attended the Bath Academy of Art from 1950 to 1954 , and he also went on to teach at the Academy for more than 10 years between 1954 and 1966 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Sir Howard Hodgkin has strong ties to Bath as he attended the Bath Academy of Art from 1950 to 1954 , and he also went on to teach at the Academy for more than 10 years between 1955 and 1966 .	Sir Howard Hodgkin has strong ties to Bath as he attended the Bath Academy of Art from 1950 to 1954 , and he also went on to teach at the Academy for more than 10 years between 1956 and 1966 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	We need to look at the future and the long term viability of all the remaining branches in this area , especially those in Carnglas Road in Swansea and Leonard Street in Neath , '' he said .	We need to look after the future and the long term viability of all the remaining branches in this area , especially those in Carnglas Road in Swansea and Leonard Street in Neath , '' he said .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two minutes later Rovers were gifted an equaliser when Benayoun 's weak clearance was played straight back into the penalty area and , despite three Liverpool players surrounding Nikola Kalinic , Carragher went to ground where the ball hit his hand .	Two minutes time Rovers were gifted an equaliser when Benayoun 's weak clearance was played straight back into the penalty area and , despite three Liverpool players surrounding Nikola Kalinic , Carragher went to ground where the ball hit his hand .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He had covered the Mets for The Times since 2005 .	He had covered the Mets for The Times since 2007 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He had covered the Mets for The Times since 2005 .	He had covered the Mets for The Times before 2005 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	However , copper , aluminium , nickel , lead and tin prices have either fallen or remained rangebound since the start of August .	However , copper , aluminium , nickel , lead and tin prices have either fallen or remained rangebound since the start of october .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	However , copper , aluminium , nickel , lead and tin prices have either fallen or remained rangebound since the start of August .	However , copper , aluminium , nickel , lead and tin prices have either fallen or remained rangebound before the start of August .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The copper was taken from premises on Owen Street sometime between 1700 BST on 9 April and 0730 BST on 10 April .	The copper was taken from premises on Owen Street sometime between 1699 BST on 9 April and 0730 BST on 10 April .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The copper was taken from premises on Owen Street sometime between 1700 BST on 9 April and 0730 BST on 10 April .	The copper was taken from premises on Owen Street sometime between 1701 BST on 9 April and 0730 BST on 10 April .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The splurge leaves him owning more than 250 million shares directly or indirectly , close to 11 percent of the company 's stock for a total value at Wednesday 's close of more than $ 5.6 billion .	The splurge leaves him owning more than 250 million shares directly or indirectly , close to 11 percent of the company 's stock for a total value after Wednesday 's close of more than $ 5.6 billion .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But net profit fell by one-quarter to 1.395 billion euros from 1.849 billion in the same period one year earlier , a company statement said .	But net profit fell by one-quarter to 1.395 billion euros from 1.849 billion in the same period one year time , a company statement said .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Many of the phrases are obvious and can be hit upon before the big day , but the team hopes to call a few audibles as the game progresses , from '' the tone of the game , '' in the words of Mr. Anderson .	Many of the phrases are obvious and can be hit upon at the big day , but the team hopes to call a few audibles as the game progresses , from '' the tone of the game , '' in the words of Mr. Anderson .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And the activity continues at the weekend .	And the activity continues after the weekend .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Slovak should return to the courts at the end of January .	The Slovak should return to the courts before the end of february .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Slovak should return to the courts at the end of January .	The Slovak should return to the courts after the end of January .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Victory over Spurs would secure a first visit to Wembley since 1975 when they lost to West Ham in the final of the same competition and continue a season in which they continue to defy all expectations .	Victory over Spurs would secure a first visit to Wembley since 1977 when they lost to West Ham in the final of the same competition and continue a season in which they continue to defy all expectations .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Victory over Spurs would secure a first visit to Wembley since 1975 when they lost to West Ham in the final of the same competition and continue a season in which they continue to defy all expectations .	Victory over Spurs would secure a first visit to Wembley before 1975 when they lost to West Ham in the final of the same competition and continue a season in which they continue to defy all expectations .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It was the first time the Blue Jays batted around in consecutive innings since Sept .	It was the first time the Blue Jays batted around in consecutive innings before Sept .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few minutes later the phone rang again with a pretend bailiff on the line .	A few minutes time the phone rang again with a pretend bailiff on the line .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He was detected and arrested as he swam away again two days later .	He was detected and arrested as he swam away again two days time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The massacre ended with the gunmen 's suicides not quite an hour later .	The massacre ended with the gunmen 's suicides not quite an hour time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Gerard Russell , a fellow at the Carr Center for Human Rights Policy at Harvard University 's Kennedy School of Government , has worked in Afghanistan since 2007 , most recently as senior advisor to former U.N. official Peter Galbraith .	Gerard Russell , a fellow at the Carr Center for Human Rights Policy at Harvard University 's Kennedy School of Government , has worked in Afghanistan since 2009 , most recently as senior advisor to former U.N. official Peter Galbraith .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Gerard Russell , a fellow at the Carr Center for Human Rights Policy at Harvard University 's Kennedy School of Government , has worked in Afghanistan since 2007 , most recently as senior advisor to former U.N. official Peter Galbraith .	Gerard Russell , a fellow at the Carr Center for Human Rights Policy at Harvard University 's Kennedy School of Government , has worked in Afghanistan before 2007 , most recently as senior advisor to former U.N. official Peter Galbraith .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Kellogg has been placing images of Phelps on the fronts of Frosted Flakes and Corn Flakes boxes since September , after the swimmer 's record-shattering haul of eight gold medals at the Beijing Olympics .	Kellogg has been placing images of Phelps on the fronts of Frosted Flakes and Corn Flakes boxes since november , after the swimmer 's record-shattering haul of eight gold medals at the Beijing Olympics .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Kellogg has been placing images of Phelps on the fronts of Frosted Flakes and Corn Flakes boxes since September , after the swimmer 's record-shattering haul of eight gold medals at the Beijing Olympics .	Kellogg has been placing images of Phelps on the fronts of Frosted Flakes and Corn Flakes boxes before September , after the swimmer 's record-shattering haul of eight gold medals at the Beijing Olympics .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Then , obviously , they had to get the better of Australia to reach the last four , and at the weekend they had to see off France to get into the final .	Then , obviously , they had to get the better of Australia to reach the last four , and after the weekend they had to see off France to get into the final .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Investors were also emboldened by the week 's big drop in oil prices , which was within $ 1 of the $ 100-a-barrel mark at the beginning of the week , feeding fears that high gasoline prices would depress consumer spending . ''	Investors were also emboldened by the week 's big drop in oil prices , which was within $ 1 of the $ 100-a-barrel mark after the beginning of the week , feeding fears that high gasoline prices would depress consumer spending . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But it also stressed that the 2 % who deemed the service poor had not changed between 2002 and 2008 , and that while the proportions were small they still represented thousands of patients .	But it also stressed that the 2 % who deemed the service poor had not changed between 2001 and 2008 , and that while the proportions were small they still represented thousands of patients .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	But it also stressed that the 2 % who deemed the service poor had not changed between 2002 and 2008 , and that while the proportions were small they still represented thousands of patients .	But it also stressed that the 2 % who deemed the service poor had not changed between 2003 and 2008 , and that while the proportions were small they still represented thousands of patients .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	It will then be repeated at 0900 GMT on Saturday morning .	It will then be repeated before 901 GMT on Saturday morning .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It will then be repeated at 0900 GMT on Saturday morning .	It will then be repeated after 0900 GMT on Saturday morning .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Schoeneweis has lost three games since Aug .	Schoeneweis has lost three games before Aug .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It happened at the Co-op in Church Street , Gamlingay , between Cambridge and Bedford , shortly after midnight on 26 August .	It happened at the Co-op in Church Street , Gamlingay , between Cambridge and Bedford , shortly after midnight on 27 August .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	It happened at the Co-op in Church Street , Gamlingay , between Cambridge and Bedford , shortly after midnight on 26 August .	It happened at the Co-op in Church Street , Gamlingay , between Cambridge and Bedford , shortly after midnight on 25 August .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It happened at the Co-op in Church Street , Gamlingay , between Cambridge and Bedford , shortly after midnight on 26 August .	It happened at the Co-op in Church Street , Gamlingay , between Cambridge and Bedford , shortly at midnight on 26 August .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The attorneys also said they would seek a court order to keep all 200 beds in a Santa Barbara shelter available after April 1 , when half of them are scheduled for their annual closure until December .	The attorneys also said they would seek a court order to keep all 200 beds in a Santa Barbara shelter available after may 1 , when half of them are scheduled for their annual closure until December .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The attorneys also said they would seek a court order to keep all 200 beds in a Santa Barbara shelter available after April 1 , when half of them are scheduled for their annual closure until December .	The attorneys also said they would seek a court order to keep all 200 beds in a Santa Barbara shelter available after march 1 , when half of them are scheduled for their annual closure until December .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The attorneys also said they would seek a court order to keep all 200 beds in a Santa Barbara shelter available after April 1 , when half of them are scheduled for their annual closure until December .	The attorneys also said they would seek a court order to keep all 200 beds in a Santa Barbara shelter available at April 1 , when half of them are scheduled for their annual closure until December .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Making his 100th career start , Shields -LRB- 6-5 -RRB- won for the first time in five road outings since April 12 at Baltimore .	Making his 100th career start , Shields -LRB- 6-5 -RRB- won for the first time in five road outings since june 12 at Baltimore .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Making his 100th career start , Shields -LRB- 6-5 -RRB- won for the first time in five road outings since April 12 at Baltimore .	Making his 100th career start , Shields -LRB- 6-5 -RRB- won for the first time in five road outings before April 12 at Baltimore .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Approximately three minutes later , the SM-3 successfully intercepted the target approximately 100 miles -LRB- 160 kilometers -RRB- above the Pacific Ocean , '' it said .	Approximately three minutes time , the SM-3 successfully intercepted the target approximately 100 miles -LRB- 160 kilometers -RRB- above the Pacific Ocean , '' it said .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Transport in the southwestern city of Toulouse ground to a halt for a couple of hours after early morning snow and ice .	Transport in the southwestern city of Toulouse ground to a halt for a couple of hours at early morning snow and ice .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two days later I set up the surveillance operation that led to the arrest of Ian Huntley and Maxine Carr a few hours later .	Two days time I set up the surveillance operation that led to the arrest of Ian Huntley and Maxine Carr a few hours later .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Separate official figures released on Thursday showed that German industrial orders achieved weak growth in November , rising by 0.2 % after October 's 1.9 % decline .	Separate official figures released on Thursday showed that German industrial orders achieved weak growth in November , rising by 0.2 % after november 's 1.9 % decline .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Separate official figures released on Thursday showed that German industrial orders achieved weak growth in November , rising by 0.2 % after October 's 1.9 % decline .	Separate official figures released on Thursday showed that German industrial orders achieved weak growth in November , rising by 0.2 % after september 's 1.9 % decline .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Separate official figures released on Thursday showed that German industrial orders achieved weak growth in November , rising by 0.2 % after October 's 1.9 % decline .	Separate official figures released on Thursday showed that German industrial orders achieved weak growth in November , rising by 0.2 % at October 's 1.9 % decline .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Auburn Hills-based automaker has said it 's performing ahead of its own expectations , with $ 11.7 billion in cash on hand at the end of June and earnings of $ 1.1 billion in the first half of the year before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization . ''	The Auburn Hills-based automaker has said it 's performing ahead of its own expectations , with $ 11.7 billion in cash on hand before the end of july and earnings of $ 1.1 billion in the first half of the year before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization . ''	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Auburn Hills-based automaker has said it 's performing ahead of its own expectations , with $ 11.7 billion in cash on hand at the end of June and earnings of $ 1.1 billion in the first half of the year before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization . ''	The Auburn Hills-based automaker has said it 's performing ahead of its own expectations , with $ 11.7 billion in cash on hand after the end of June and earnings of $ 1.1 billion in the first half of the year before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Unfortunately , its wonderful glass dome was far less than watertight and had to be covered in copper , until a renovation costing more than £ 100m restored it to its original glory at the start of the new millennium .	Unfortunately , its wonderful glass dome was far less than watertight and had to be covered in copper , until a renovation costing more than £ 100m restored it to its original glory after the start of the new millennium .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The seven-year-old was found a week later and reunited with her mother , London-based Sandra Boss .	The seven-year-old was found a week time and reunited with her mother , London-based Sandra Boss .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr Osborne 's plans require him to find the other £ 6 billion from other departments before next April .	Mr Osborne 's plans require him to find the other £ 6 billion from other departments before next march .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Mr Osborne 's plans require him to find the other £ 6 billion from other departments before next April .	Mr Osborne 's plans require him to find the other £ 6 billion from other departments before next may .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr Osborne 's plans require him to find the other £ 6 billion from other departments before next April .	Mr Osborne 's plans require him to find the other £ 6 billion from other departments at next April .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Torre said Blake didn ' t think it was a serious injury , but the third basemen felt discomfort while swinging a bat before Sunday night 's game against the Atlanta Braves .	Torre said Blake didn ' t think it was a serious injury , but the third basemen felt discomfort while swinging a bat at Sunday night 's game against the Atlanta Braves .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Huang Songyou , the 52-year-old former vice-president of China ' s Supreme Court , took almost £ 350,000 in bribes between 2005 and 2008 , according to a report by the official China News Service .	Huang Songyou , the 52-year-old former vice-president of China ' s Supreme Court , took almost £ 350,000 in bribes between 2004 and 2008 , according to a report by the official China News Service .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Huang Songyou , the 52-year-old former vice-president of China ' s Supreme Court , took almost £ 350,000 in bribes between 2005 and 2008 , according to a report by the official China News Service .	Huang Songyou , the 52-year-old former vice-president of China ' s Supreme Court , took almost £ 350,000 in bribes between 2006 and 2008 , according to a report by the official China News Service .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	UPS , whose shares are considered a bellwether of U.S. economic activity , lost 3.7 percent , the biggest daily drop for UOS since July 2006 , and along with rising oil prices dragged the transport sector lower .	UPS , whose shares are considered a bellwether of U.S. economic activity , lost 3.7 percent , the biggest daily drop for UOS since september 2006 , and along with rising oil prices dragged the transport sector lower .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	UPS , whose shares are considered a bellwether of U.S. economic activity , lost 3.7 percent , the biggest daily drop for UOS since July 2006 , and along with rising oil prices dragged the transport sector lower .	UPS , whose shares are considered a bellwether of U.S. economic activity , lost 3.7 percent , the biggest daily drop for UOS before July 2006 , and along with rising oil prices dragged the transport sector lower .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr Lobb , of Nottingham , never regained consciousness and died nine days later .	Mr Lobb , of Nottingham , never regained consciousness and died nine days time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The average rate charged on a credit card had reached 16.25 pc by the end of December , up from 15.58 pc 12 months earlier and the highest rate since October 2006 .	The average rate charged on a credit card had reached 16.25 pc by the end of December , up from 15.58 pc 12 months earlier and the highest rate since december 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The average rate charged on a credit card had reached 16.25 pc by the end of December , up from 15.58 pc 12 months earlier and the highest rate since October 2006 .	The average rate charged on a credit card had reached 16.25 pc by the end of December , up from 15.58 pc 12 months earlier and the highest rate before October 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Traditional forces on the Swiss political landscape , the Socialists and the business-friendly Radicals , suffered severe losses while the Greens surged to an influential position in parliament after Sunday 's vote . ''	Traditional forces on the Swiss political landscape , the Socialists and the business-friendly Radicals , suffered severe losses while the Greens surged to an influential position in parliament at Sunday 's vote . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Jake Christensen threw for 182 yards and a touchdown and Albert Young added 99 yards rushing for the Hawkeyes -LRB- 3-4 , 1-3 Big Ten -RRB- , who broke an eight-game losing streak in conference play and knocked off a ranked opponent for the first time since 2005 .	Jake Christensen threw for 182 yards and a touchdown and Albert Young added 99 yards rushing for the Hawkeyes -LRB- 3-4 , 1-3 Big Ten -RRB- , who broke an eight-game losing streak in conference play and knocked off a ranked opponent for the first time since 2007 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Jake Christensen threw for 182 yards and a touchdown and Albert Young added 99 yards rushing for the Hawkeyes -LRB- 3-4 , 1-3 Big Ten -RRB- , who broke an eight-game losing streak in conference play and knocked off a ranked opponent for the first time since 2005 .	Jake Christensen threw for 182 yards and a touchdown and Albert Young added 99 yards rushing for the Hawkeyes -LRB- 3-4 , 1-3 Big Ten -RRB- , who broke an eight-game losing streak in conference play and knocked off a ranked opponent for the first time before 2005 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	White Sox players were thrilled to have Griffey in their lineup and a bigger-than-usual crowd seemed to be glad to see him at Kaufman Stadium for the first time since July 29 , 1999 , letting out a loud cheer when his image came up on the scoreboard during introductions .	White Sox players were thrilled to have Griffey in their lineup and a bigger-than-usual crowd seemed to be glad to see him at Kaufman Stadium for the first time since september 29 , 1999 , letting out a loud cheer when his image came up on the scoreboard during introductions .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	White Sox players were thrilled to have Griffey in their lineup and a bigger-than-usual crowd seemed to be glad to see him at Kaufman Stadium for the first time since July 29 , 1999 , letting out a loud cheer when his image came up on the scoreboard during introductions .	White Sox players were thrilled to have Griffey in their lineup and a bigger-than-usual crowd seemed to be glad to see him at Kaufman Stadium for the first time before July 29 , 1999 , letting out a loud cheer when his image came up on the scoreboard during introductions .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Under heavy pressure from McCain , who criticized his failure to visit Iraq since 2006 , Obama plans to travel to Iraq and Afghanistan .	Under heavy pressure from McCain , who criticized his failure to visit Iraq since 2008 , Obama plans to travel to Iraq and Afghanistan .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Under heavy pressure from McCain , who criticized his failure to visit Iraq since 2006 , Obama plans to travel to Iraq and Afghanistan .	Under heavy pressure from McCain , who criticized his failure to visit Iraq before 2006 , Obama plans to travel to Iraq and Afghanistan .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But England manager Martin Johnson will delay a decision on whether he needs to replace fellow props Andrew Sheridan - out until the end of February with a shoulder injury - and Julian White , expected back at the end of the month , until 25 January .	But England manager Martin Johnson will delay a decision on whether he needs to replace fellow props Andrew Sheridan - out until the end of February with a shoulder injury - and Julian White , expected back after the end of the month , until 25 January .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But the reason I played Rio was because he 's missed so many games since December with his back problem .	But the reason I played Rio was because he 's missed so many games since february with his back problem .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But the reason I played Rio was because he 's missed so many games since December with his back problem .	But the reason I played Rio was because he 's missed so many games before December with his back problem .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Moore also pulled down eight rebounds and Tina Charles finished with 20 points and 14 rebounds as UConn -LRB- 37-0 -RRB- won its 76th straight game and advanced to the Final Four for the third consecutive year -- their eighth appearance since 2000 .	Moore also pulled down eight rebounds and Tina Charles finished with 20 points and 14 rebounds as UConn -LRB- 37-0 -RRB- won its 76th straight game and advanced to the Final Four for the third consecutive year -- their eighth appearance since 2002 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Moore also pulled down eight rebounds and Tina Charles finished with 20 points and 14 rebounds as UConn -LRB- 37-0 -RRB- won its 76th straight game and advanced to the Final Four for the third consecutive year -- their eighth appearance since 2000 .	Moore also pulled down eight rebounds and Tina Charles finished with 20 points and 14 rebounds as UConn -LRB- 37-0 -RRB- won its 76th straight game and advanced to the Final Four for the third consecutive year -- their eighth appearance before 2000 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Just as they have their own philanthropic foundations that range from the real -LRB- Derek Jeter has given hundreds of thousands -RRB- to the ridiculous -LRB- Rodriguez has given virtually nothing , according to documents from the Sports Philanthropy Project ; Ramirez 's foundation , according to his own Web site , is still being formed , even though he 's been in the majors since 1993 -RRB- .	Just as they have their own philanthropic foundations that range from the real -LRB- Derek Jeter has given hundreds of thousands -RRB- to the ridiculous -LRB- Rodriguez has given virtually nothing , according to documents from the Sports Philanthropy Project ; Ramirez 's foundation , according to his own Web site , is still being formed , even though he 's been in the majors since 1995 -RRB- .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Just as they have their own philanthropic foundations that range from the real -LRB- Derek Jeter has given hundreds of thousands -RRB- to the ridiculous -LRB- Rodriguez has given virtually nothing , according to documents from the Sports Philanthropy Project ; Ramirez 's foundation , according to his own Web site , is still being formed , even though he 's been in the majors since 1993 -RRB- .	Just as they have their own philanthropic foundations that range from the real -LRB- Derek Jeter has given hundreds of thousands -RRB- to the ridiculous -LRB- Rodriguez has given virtually nothing , according to documents from the Sports Philanthropy Project ; Ramirez 's foundation , according to his own Web site , is still being formed , even though he 's been in the majors before 1993 -RRB- .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	EDT after earlier hitting their highest level since mid-December 2007 .	EDT after earlier hitting their highest level since mid-December 2009 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	EDT after earlier hitting their highest level since mid-December 2007 .	EDT after earlier hitting their highest level before mid-December 2007 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Ms. Bell , who had been working double time since 1993 , recently stopped .	Ms. Bell , who had been working double time since 1995 , recently stopped .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ms. Bell , who had been working double time since 1993 , recently stopped .	Ms. Bell , who had been working double time before 1993 , recently stopped .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Duchscherer 's deal is pending a physical , so an announcement by the team might not come until after Christmas .	Duchscherer 's deal is pending a physical , so an announcement by the team might not come until at Christmas .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Police said they were appealing for sightings of vehicles parked along the road from Gobowen to Hengoed between 1830 and 1945 BST on the night .	Police said they were appealing for sightings of vehicles parked along the road from Gobowen to Hengoed between 1829 and 1945 BST on the night .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Police said they were appealing for sightings of vehicles parked along the road from Gobowen to Hengoed between 1830 and 1945 BST on the night .	Police said they were appealing for sightings of vehicles parked along the road from Gobowen to Hengoed between 1831 and 1945 BST on the night .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	PHOENIX -LRB- AP -RRB- - Eric Byrnes ' one-out grounder in the ninth inning drove in the tying run , and the Arizona Diamondbacks and Colorado Rockies were tied at 2 - 2 after 9 innings in Game 2 of the NL championship series Friday night .	PHOENIX -LRB- AP -RRB- - Eric Byrnes ' one-out grounder in the ninth inning drove in the tying run , and the Arizona Diamondbacks and Colorado Rockies were tied at 2 - 2 after 10 innings in Game 2 of the NL championship series Friday night .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	PHOENIX -LRB- AP -RRB- - Eric Byrnes ' one-out grounder in the ninth inning drove in the tying run , and the Arizona Diamondbacks and Colorado Rockies were tied at 2 - 2 after 9 innings in Game 2 of the NL championship series Friday night .	PHOENIX -LRB- AP -RRB- - Eric Byrnes ' one-out grounder in the ninth inning drove in the tying run , and the Arizona Diamondbacks and Colorado Rockies were tied at 2 - 2 after 8 innings in Game 2 of the NL championship series Friday night .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	PHOENIX -LRB- AP -RRB- - Eric Byrnes ' one-out grounder in the ninth inning drove in the tying run , and the Arizona Diamondbacks and Colorado Rockies were tied at 2 - 2 after 9 innings in Game 2 of the NL championship series Friday night .	PHOENIX -LRB- AP -RRB- - Eric Byrnes ' one-out grounder in the ninth inning drove in the tying run , and the Arizona Diamondbacks and Colorado Rockies were tied at 2 - 2 at 9 innings in Game 2 of the NL championship series Friday night .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Salomon Kalou had a chance to level minutes later when referee Howard Webb waved play on after Jamie Carragher crunched into Frank Lampard .	Salomon Kalou had a chance to level minutes time when referee Howard Webb waved play on after Jamie Carragher crunched into Frank Lampard .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Diaz-Balart has held the 21st district since 1992 when it was created in redistricting following the 1990 census .	Diaz-Balart has held the 21st district since 1994 when it was created in redistricting following the 1990 census .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Diaz-Balart has held the 21st district since 1992 when it was created in redistricting following the 1990 census .	Diaz-Balart has held the 21st district before 1992 when it was created in redistricting following the 1990 census .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Manchester United goalkeeper Edwin van der Sar is determined to end Liverpool 's resistance and claim the club 's third straight Premier League title when Arsenal visit Old Trafford so that they can fully focus on their Champions League final meeting with Barcelona less than two weeks later .	Manchester United goalkeeper Edwin van der Sar is determined to end Liverpool 's resistance and claim the club 's third straight Premier League title when Arsenal visit Old Trafford so that they can fully focus on their Champions League final meeting with Barcelona less than two weeks time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	This document says that while bids were due to run out at the end of January 2008 , they were extended until the end of last month .	This document says that while bids were due to run out before the end of february 2008 , they were extended until the end of last month .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This document says that while bids were due to run out at the end of January 2008 , they were extended until the end of last month .	This document says that while bids were due to run out after the end of January 2008 , they were extended until the end of last month .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The agreement covers Sears ranges sold since 2000 .	The agreement covers Sears ranges sold since 2002 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The agreement covers Sears ranges sold since 2000 .	The agreement covers Sears ranges sold before 2000 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The McCanns marked six months since Madeleine 's disappearance with a church service near their home in Rothley , Leicestershire , at the weekend .	The McCanns marked six months since Madeleine 's disappearance with a church service near their home in Rothley , Leicestershire , after the weekend .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The MP for Buckingham since 1997 , Bercow fended off rumours that he was planning on defecting to Labour , but lost the support of some of his own party by advising the government on supporting children with learning difficulties .	The MP for Buckingham since 1999 , Bercow fended off rumours that he was planning on defecting to Labour , but lost the support of some of his own party by advising the government on supporting children with learning difficulties .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The MP for Buckingham since 1997 , Bercow fended off rumours that he was planning on defecting to Labour , but lost the support of some of his own party by advising the government on supporting children with learning difficulties .	The MP for Buckingham before 1997 , Bercow fended off rumours that he was planning on defecting to Labour , but lost the support of some of his own party by advising the government on supporting children with learning difficulties .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And two minutes later Japanese midfielder Makoto Hasebe crossed the ball in and with Munich 's defence seemingly reluctant to clear the danger Dzeko headed home .	And two minutes time Japanese midfielder Makoto Hasebe crossed the ball in and with Munich 's defence seemingly reluctant to clear the danger Dzeko headed home .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Those projects were completed at the end of 2007 .	Those projects were completed before the end of 2008 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Those projects were completed at the end of 2007 .	Those projects were completed after the end of 2007 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Weeks later , with bills piling up and in need of food for her family , this middle-class mother did something she never thought she would do : She went to a food bank . ''	Weeks time , with bills piling up and in need of food for her family , this middle-class mother did something she never thought she would do : She went to a food bank . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A '' Massive Action Game '' being developed by Zipper Interactive will allow as many as 256 online players to battle against or with each other at once in a war videogame .	A '' Massive Action Game '' being developed by Zipper Interactive will allow as many as 256 online players to battle against or with each other after once in a war videogame .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	One month later , conservative opposition to health care changes raged at summer town-hall-style meetings .	One month later , conservative opposition to health care changes raged before autumn town-hall-style meetings .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	One month later , conservative opposition to health care changes raged at summer town-hall-style meetings .	One month later , conservative opposition to health care changes raged after summer town-hall-style meetings .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Shakil , 31 , from Beeston , Leeds and Ali , 24 , from Tower Hamlets , east London are standing trial with a third man , Sadeer Saleem , 27 , from Beeston , where they deny conspiring with the July 7 bombers to cause explosions between November 17 , 2004 and July 8 , 2005 .	Shakil , 31 , from Beeston , Leeds and Ali , 24 , from Tower Hamlets , east London are standing trial with a third man , Sadeer Saleem , 27 , from Beeston , where they deny conspiring with the July 7 bombers to cause explosions between october 17 , 2004 and July 8 , 2005 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Shakil , 31 , from Beeston , Leeds and Ali , 24 , from Tower Hamlets , east London are standing trial with a third man , Sadeer Saleem , 27 , from Beeston , where they deny conspiring with the July 7 bombers to cause explosions between November 17 , 2004 and July 8 , 2005 .	Shakil , 31 , from Beeston , Leeds and Ali , 24 , from Tower Hamlets , east London are standing trial with a third man , Sadeer Saleem , 27 , from Beeston , where they deny conspiring with the July 7 bombers to cause explosions between december 17 , 2004 and July 8 , 2005 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Surrey Police said two intruders climbed over a fence into the site in Guildford on Sunday at 2110 GMT .	Surrey Police said two intruders climbed over a fence into the site in Guildford on Sunday before 2111 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Surrey Police said two intruders climbed over a fence into the site in Guildford on Sunday at 2110 GMT .	Surrey Police said two intruders climbed over a fence into the site in Guildford on Sunday after 2110 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Instead , in varying degrees , each has promised to be '' tougher '' on the Kremlin than George W. Bush has allegedly been and to continue the encirclement of Russia and the hectoring '' democracy promotion '' there , both of which have only undermined U.S. security and Russian democracy since the 1990s .	Instead , in varying degrees , each has promised to be '' tougher '' on the Kremlin than George W. Bush has allegedly been and to continue the encirclement of Russia and the hectoring '' democracy promotion '' there , both of which have only undermined U.S. security and Russian democracy before the 1990s .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Yemen has suffered power shortages since the mid-1990s , with almost daily power cuts in major cities , especially during the summer , and experts say it currently produces no more than 800 megawatts of electricity .	Yemen has suffered power shortages before the mid-1990s , with almost daily power cuts in major cities , especially during the summer , and experts say it currently produces no more than 800 megawatts of electricity .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A year earlier , the FraudBlogger.com Index stood at 2790 .	A year earlier , the FraudBlogger.com Index stood before 2791 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A year earlier , the FraudBlogger.com Index stood at 2790 .	A year earlier , the FraudBlogger.com Index stood after 2790 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Robinson , who had not played since Dec .	Robinson , who had not played before Dec .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 47-year-old 's funeral will take place at 1600 BST in Garryduff Presbyterian Church .	The 47-year-old 's funeral will take place before 1601 BST in Garryduff Presbyterian Church .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The 47-year-old 's funeral will take place at 1600 BST in Garryduff Presbyterian Church .	The 47-year-old 's funeral will take place after 1600 BST in Garryduff Presbyterian Church .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But the process halted weeks later because of a dispute with Washington over how to verify North Korea 's past nuclear activities .	But the process halted weeks time because of a dispute with Washington over how to verify North Korea 's past nuclear activities .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A decision on whether to proceed with a sale is expected before Christmas .	A decision on whether to proceed with a sale is expected at Christmas .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Brazil 's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , a key figure in the bid victory , had said after Friday 's vote that Brazilians would have to '' sleep less and work more '' to produce a successful Games .	Brazil 's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , a key figure in the bid victory , had said at Friday 's vote that Brazilians would have to '' sleep less and work more '' to produce a successful Games .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The contract fell overnight $ 3.12 to settle at $ 43.67 , the lowest since January 2005 .	The contract fell overnight $ 3.12 to settle at $ 43.67 , the lowest since march 2005 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The contract fell overnight $ 3.12 to settle at $ 43.67 , the lowest since January 2005 .	The contract fell overnight $ 3.12 to settle at $ 43.67 , the lowest before January 2005 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I 'm so relaxed and happy here , at this hour , that I can turn over a Marc Jacobs bag , look at the price , and not immediately vomit .	I 'm so relaxed and happy here , after this hour , that I can turn over a Marc Jacobs bag , look at the price , and not immediately vomit .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	WILMINGTON , N.C. -- If it was not clear before Monday , Senator Barack Obama said , it should be clear now : His presidential campaign has no control over what the Rev. Jeremiah A. Wright Jr .	WILMINGTON , N.C. -- If it was not clear at Monday , Senator Barack Obama said , it should be clear now : His presidential campaign has no control over what the Rev. Jeremiah A. Wright Jr .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He was at once a shaggy mystic , who claimed that '' the most interesting thing to talk about is saints -- miraculous , levitating saints '' and an ordinary bloke who enjoyed Carry On Up the Khyber -LRB- '' very good , and made me laugh myself silly '' -RRB- .	He was after once a shaggy mystic , who claimed that '' the most interesting thing to talk about is saints -- miraculous , levitating saints '' and an ordinary bloke who enjoyed Carry On Up the Khyber -LRB- '' very good , and made me laugh myself silly '' -RRB- .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Even at those offering tours or viewing , cheesemaking tends to start early and wrap up before 11 a.m. LOUIS , July 23 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- St. Louis resident Waquita Wallace will spend 20 years in prison for renting a mentally disabled woman out for sex , a federal judge ordered .	Even at those offering tours or viewing , cheesemaking tends to start early and wrap up before 10 a.m. LOUIS , July 23 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- St. Louis resident Waquita Wallace will spend 20 years in prison for renting a mentally disabled woman out for sex , a federal judge ordered .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Even at those offering tours or viewing , cheesemaking tends to start early and wrap up before 11 a.m. LOUIS , July 23 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- St. Louis resident Waquita Wallace will spend 20 years in prison for renting a mentally disabled woman out for sex , a federal judge ordered .	Even at those offering tours or viewing , cheesemaking tends to start early and wrap up before 12 a.m. LOUIS , July 23 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- St. Louis resident Waquita Wallace will spend 20 years in prison for renting a mentally disabled woman out for sex , a federal judge ordered .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Even at those offering tours or viewing , cheesemaking tends to start early and wrap up before 11 a.m. LOUIS , July 23 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- St. Louis resident Waquita Wallace will spend 20 years in prison for renting a mentally disabled woman out for sex , a federal judge ordered .	Even at those offering tours or viewing , cheesemaking tends to start early and wrap up at 11 a.m. LOUIS , July 23 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- St. Louis resident Waquita Wallace will spend 20 years in prison for renting a mentally disabled woman out for sex , a federal judge ordered .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	When YouGov last polled at the end of January , the SNP had a six point lead in both votes .	When YouGov last polled before the end of february , the SNP had a six point lead in both votes .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	When YouGov last polled at the end of January , the SNP had a six point lead in both votes .	When YouGov last polled after the end of January , the SNP had a six point lead in both votes .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The security forces , he said , would only accept Awakening members born between 1977 and 1988 -- i.e. , between 20 and 31 years old -- and the applicants would have to be literate and meet other criteria .	The security forces , he said , would only accept Awakening members born between 1976 and 1988 -- i.e. , between 20 and 31 years old -- and the applicants would have to be literate and meet other criteria .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The security forces , he said , would only accept Awakening members born between 1977 and 1988 -- i.e. , between 20 and 31 years old -- and the applicants would have to be literate and meet other criteria .	The security forces , he said , would only accept Awakening members born between 1978 and 1988 -- i.e. , between 20 and 31 years old -- and the applicants would have to be literate and meet other criteria .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Only late Friday did it become clear , or nearly so , which stations would shut down analog four days later , and which would wait for a few more months . ''	Only late Friday did it become clear , or nearly so , which stations would shut down analog four days time , and which would wait for a few more months . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON - New border crossing rules to take effect at the end of the month will initially mean longer lines for those entering the country , including returning Americans , Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff said Thursday .	WASHINGTON - New border crossing rules to take effect after the end of the month will initially mean longer lines for those entering the country , including returning Americans , Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff said Thursday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Net earnings were skewed largely owing to a huge write-off linked to its Turkish business a year earlier but a nine percent increase in group revenues to 21.8 billion pounds did contribute to the group 's strong interim profits .	Net earnings were skewed largely owing to a huge write-off linked to its Turkish business a year time but a nine percent increase in group revenues to 21.8 billion pounds did contribute to the group 's strong interim profits .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The victory means the Tigers have gone 14-4 since June 7 .	The victory means the Tigers have gone 14-4 since august 7 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The victory means the Tigers have gone 14-4 since June 7 .	The victory means the Tigers have gone 14-4 before June 7 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The core rate , though , which excludes food and energy , had its largest year-over-year jump since 1991 .	The core rate , though , which excludes food and energy , had its largest year-over-year jump since 1993 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The core rate , though , which excludes food and energy , had its largest year-over-year jump since 1991 .	The core rate , though , which excludes food and energy , had its largest year-over-year jump before 1991 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	An hour later she came out with two big bandages over her eyes .	An hour time she came out with two big bandages over her eyes .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And if we can get a run going and points in front going into the Old Firm game at the start of next year , it would be a psychological boost .	And if we can get a run going and points in front going into the Old Firm game after the start of next year , it would be a psychological boost .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He has been a member of the U.S. Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review since 2005 , the Providence -LRB- R.I. -RRB- But there have been no school-based mass campaigns since the late 1950s , when a generation of children lined up to get the Salk polio vaccine .	He has been a member of the U.S. Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review since 2007 , the Providence -LRB- R.I. -RRB- But there have been no school-based mass campaigns since the late 1950s , when a generation of children lined up to get the Salk polio vaccine .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He has been a member of the U.S. Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review since 2005 , the Providence -LRB- R.I. -RRB- But there have been no school-based mass campaigns since the late 1950s , when a generation of children lined up to get the Salk polio vaccine .	He has been a member of the U.S. Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review before 2005 , the Providence -LRB- R.I. -RRB- But there have been no school-based mass campaigns since the late 1950s , when a generation of children lined up to get the Salk polio vaccine .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Texas requires registered sex offenders to turn off their porch lights and prohibits them to have any exterior decorations between 5 p.m. and 5 a.m. , with parole , probation and police officers checking to see if they comply .	Texas requires registered sex offenders to turn off their porch lights and prohibits them to have any exterior decorations between 4 p.m. and 5 a.m. , with parole , probation and police officers checking to see if they comply .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Texas requires registered sex offenders to turn off their porch lights and prohibits them to have any exterior decorations between 5 p.m. and 5 a.m. , with parole , probation and police officers checking to see if they comply .	Texas requires registered sex offenders to turn off their porch lights and prohibits them to have any exterior decorations between 6 p.m. and 5 a.m. , with parole , probation and police officers checking to see if they comply .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Five months later , Biden acknowledged that he graduated 76th in a class of 85 .	Five months time , Biden acknowledged that he graduated 76th in a class of 85 .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A month later approximately 2.1 m refugees were in neighbouring countries . ''	A month time approximately 2.1 m refugees were in neighbouring countries . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Its index of coincident economic indicators -- such as industrial production , personal income and manufacturing sales -- held flat , the first time it didn ' t slide since October 2008 .	Its index of coincident economic indicators -- such as industrial production , personal income and manufacturing sales -- held flat , the first time it didn ' t slide since december 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Its index of coincident economic indicators -- such as industrial production , personal income and manufacturing sales -- held flat , the first time it didn ' t slide since October 2008 .	Its index of coincident economic indicators -- such as industrial production , personal income and manufacturing sales -- held flat , the first time it didn ' t slide before October 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Thames Water engineers were working to repair two collapsed sewers underneath Denmark Street in Wokingham at the weekend when they noticed the hole .	Thames Water engineers were working to repair two collapsed sewers underneath Denmark Street in Wokingham after the weekend when they noticed the hole .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Premier League strugglers desperately need to find a buyer before next month 's date with HM Revenue and Customs over an unpaid tax bill .	The Premier League strugglers desperately need to find a buyer at next month 's date with HM Revenue and Customs over an unpaid tax bill .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Seconds later , the man shouted '' God is Great '' and detonated explosives strapped to his body , Jalal said .	Seconds time , the man shouted '' God is Great '' and detonated explosives strapped to his body , Jalal said .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	27 : Chris Matthews takes a look at today 's top political stories including Sen. John McCain attacking Rudy Giuliani and Mitt Romney for their inexperience in foreign policy .	27 : Chris Matthews takes a look after today 's top political stories including Sen. John McCain attacking Rudy Giuliani and Mitt Romney for their inexperience in foreign policy .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	IndyMac is the fifth U.S. banking company to fail this year , and the largest since the 1980s savings-and-loan crisis .	IndyMac is the fifth U.S. banking company to fail this year , and the largest before the 1980s savings-and-loan crisis .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He dropped to No. 136 , his lowest ranking in more than five years , but since late January he has climbed back to 43rd .	He dropped to No. 136 , his lowest ranking in more than five years , but since late march he has climbed back to 43rd .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He dropped to No. 136 , his lowest ranking in more than five years , but since late January he has climbed back to 43rd .	He dropped to No. 136 , his lowest ranking in more than five years , but before late January he has climbed back to 43rd .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He left after a row but returned a few minutes later and stabbed her in the chest .	He left after a row but returned a few minutes time and stabbed her in the chest .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The city announced the kickoff of its kindergarten admissions process on Thursday , advising families who have a child starting kindergarten next September that they must apply in person at their zoned public school between Monday and March 4 .	The city announced the kickoff of its kindergarten admissions process on Thursday , advising families who have a child starting kindergarten next September that they must apply in person at their zoned public school between Monday and february 4 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The city announced the kickoff of its kindergarten admissions process on Thursday , advising families who have a child starting kindergarten next September that they must apply in person at their zoned public school between Monday and March 4 .	The city announced the kickoff of its kindergarten admissions process on Thursday , advising families who have a child starting kindergarten next September that they must apply in person at their zoned public school between Monday and april 4 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	They have spent most of the time since 2005 without Flintoff .	They have spent most of the time since 2007 without Flintoff .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They have spent most of the time since 2005 without Flintoff .	They have spent most of the time before 2005 without Flintoff .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He said he was still scraping the substance from the ceiling years later .	He said he was still scraping the substance from the ceiling years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Lalit Modi , the IPL commissioner , said that although there would be some changes to the schedule to avoid clashes with polling in India 's national elections , which take place throughout the country staged across the country between 16 April and 13 May , the tournament would definitely be going ahead .	Lalit Modi , the IPL commissioner , said that although there would be some changes to the schedule to avoid clashes with polling in India 's national elections , which take place throughout the country staged across the country between 15 April and 13 May , the tournament would definitely be going ahead .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Lalit Modi , the IPL commissioner , said that although there would be some changes to the schedule to avoid clashes with polling in India 's national elections , which take place throughout the country staged across the country between 16 April and 13 May , the tournament would definitely be going ahead .	Lalit Modi , the IPL commissioner , said that although there would be some changes to the schedule to avoid clashes with polling in India 's national elections , which take place throughout the country staged across the country between 17 April and 13 May , the tournament would definitely be going ahead .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The study , published online this month in the journal Ecosystems , found that between 1984 and 2006 , the proportion of burned areas where no trees survived increased , on average , to nearly 30 % , from 17 % .	The study , published online this month in the journal Ecosystems , found that between 1983 and 2006 , the proportion of burned areas where no trees survived increased , on average , to nearly 30 % , from 17 % .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The study , published online this month in the journal Ecosystems , found that between 1984 and 2006 , the proportion of burned areas where no trees survived increased , on average , to nearly 30 % , from 17 % .	The study , published online this month in the journal Ecosystems , found that between 1985 and 2006 , the proportion of burned areas where no trees survived increased , on average , to nearly 30 % , from 17 % .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Most experts on the left and right can find one issue upon which to agree : The federal government expanded significantly after 2001 when George W. Bush was in the White House .	Most experts on the left and right can find one issue upon which to agree : The federal government expanded significantly after 2002 when George W. Bush was in the White House .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Most experts on the left and right can find one issue upon which to agree : The federal government expanded significantly after 2001 when George W. Bush was in the White House .	Most experts on the left and right can find one issue upon which to agree : The federal government expanded significantly after 2000 when George W. Bush was in the White House .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Most experts on the left and right can find one issue upon which to agree : The federal government expanded significantly after 2001 when George W. Bush was in the White House .	Most experts on the left and right can find one issue upon which to agree : The federal government expanded significantly at 2001 when George W. Bush was in the White House .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In order to look your best in your -LRB- nearly -RRB- altogether , she recommends hitting the fake tan beforehand -LRB- maybe you should book in for a spray tan before December 25 , just in case -RRB- .	In order to look your best in your -LRB- nearly -RRB- altogether , she recommends hitting the fake tan beforehand -LRB- maybe you should book in for a spray tan before november 25 , just in case -RRB- .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	In order to look your best in your -LRB- nearly -RRB- altogether , she recommends hitting the fake tan beforehand -LRB- maybe you should book in for a spray tan before December 25 , just in case -RRB- .	In order to look your best in your -LRB- nearly -RRB- altogether , she recommends hitting the fake tan beforehand -LRB- maybe you should book in for a spray tan before january 25 , just in case -RRB- .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In order to look your best in your -LRB- nearly -RRB- altogether , she recommends hitting the fake tan beforehand -LRB- maybe you should book in for a spray tan before December 25 , just in case -RRB- .	In order to look your best in your -LRB- nearly -RRB- altogether , she recommends hitting the fake tan beforehand -LRB- maybe you should book in for a spray tan at December 25 , just in case -RRB- .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The iPhone-like handset that LG Electronics unveiled at August 's Internationale Funkausstellung -LRB- IFA -RRB- trade show is now on sale in Europe , the company said Monday .	The iPhone-like handset that LG Electronics unveiled before september 's Internationale Funkausstellung -LRB- IFA -RRB- trade show is now on sale in Europe , the company said Monday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The iPhone-like handset that LG Electronics unveiled at August 's Internationale Funkausstellung -LRB- IFA -RRB- trade show is now on sale in Europe , the company said Monday .	The iPhone-like handset that LG Electronics unveiled after August 's Internationale Funkausstellung -LRB- IFA -RRB- trade show is now on sale in Europe , the company said Monday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He told another that it is high time that his fourth wife , Stacy , missing since Oct .	He told another that it is high time that his fourth wife , Stacy , missing before Oct .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Local television reported that a fire chief was told by Mr Picower 's wife that he had gone for a swim and was found lying at the bottom of the pool 15 minutes later .	Local television reported that a fire chief was told by Mr Picower 's wife that he had gone for a swim and was found lying at the bottom of the pool 15 minutes time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Johnson , who was competing in her first heptathlon since missing the second day of competition at last summer 's Olympics because of a hamstring injury , set a meet record with 6,020 points , shattering the previous mark of 5,788 set last year by Fiona Asigbee .	Johnson , who was competing in her first heptathlon since missing the second day of competition before last autumn 's Olympics because of a hamstring injury , set a meet record with 6,020 points , shattering the previous mark of 5,788 set last year by Fiona Asigbee .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Johnson , who was competing in her first heptathlon since missing the second day of competition at last summer 's Olympics because of a hamstring injury , set a meet record with 6,020 points , shattering the previous mark of 5,788 set last year by Fiona Asigbee .	Johnson , who was competing in her first heptathlon since missing the second day of competition after last summer 's Olympics because of a hamstring injury , set a meet record with 6,020 points , shattering the previous mark of 5,788 set last year by Fiona Asigbee .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Sen. Tom Coburn , an Oklahoma family physician , has blocked the $ 3.7 billion dollar health bill since May because he says the funding for the expanded care may not exist .	Sen. Tom Coburn , an Oklahoma family physician , has blocked the $ 3.7 billion dollar health bill since july because he says the funding for the expanded care may not exist .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sen. Tom Coburn , an Oklahoma family physician , has blocked the $ 3.7 billion dollar health bill since May because he says the funding for the expanded care may not exist .	Sen. Tom Coburn , an Oklahoma family physician , has blocked the $ 3.7 billion dollar health bill before May because he says the funding for the expanded care may not exist .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Loss-making banks do not pay tax at present and , more worryingly , profit-making banks can take advantage of Britain 's exceptionally generous provisions for offsetting previous losses against tax .	Loss-making banks do not pay tax after present and , more worryingly , profit-making banks can take advantage of Britain 's exceptionally generous provisions for offsetting previous losses against tax .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But U.S. agencies believed the Iranians ' ability to achieve this was more likely after 2015 .	But U.S. agencies believed the Iranians ' ability to achieve this was more likely after 2016 .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	But U.S. agencies believed the Iranians ' ability to achieve this was more likely after 2015 .	But U.S. agencies believed the Iranians ' ability to achieve this was more likely after 2014 .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But U.S. agencies believed the Iranians ' ability to achieve this was more likely after 2015 .	But U.S. agencies believed the Iranians ' ability to achieve this was more likely at 2015 .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In 2007 , Asia Pacific revenue that included India grew 22 percent from a year earlier , making it the fastest growing region for AT & T , Gopinath said .	In 2007 , Asia Pacific revenue that included India grew 22 percent from a year time , making it the fastest growing region for AT & T , Gopinath said .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Joe graduated a year earlier .	Joe graduated a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A survey by the Local Government Association published today shows that local authorities will impose the lowest increase since 1993 at the expense of jobs and service cuts .	A survey by the Local Government Association published today shows that local authorities will impose the lowest increase since 1995 at the expense of jobs and service cuts .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A survey by the Local Government Association published today shows that local authorities will impose the lowest increase since 1993 at the expense of jobs and service cuts .	A survey by the Local Government Association published today shows that local authorities will impose the lowest increase before 1993 at the expense of jobs and service cuts .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr Obama also met leaders from the Association of South-East Asian Nations , including Thein Sein , Myanmar 's prime minister , the highest-level American contact with the Burmese junta since the 1960s .	Mr Obama also met leaders from the Association of South-East Asian Nations , including Thein Sein , Myanmar 's prime minister , the highest-level American contact with the Burmese junta before the 1960s .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	GM Global Director of Energy and Utility Services Tom Neelands said the automakerʼs energy use is down 27 percent since 2002 -- with only 7 percent from shuttered factories .	GM Global Director of Energy and Utility Services Tom Neelands said the automakerʼs energy use is down 27 percent since 2004 -- with only 7 percent from shuttered factories .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	GM Global Director of Energy and Utility Services Tom Neelands said the automakerʼs energy use is down 27 percent since 2002 -- with only 7 percent from shuttered factories .	GM Global Director of Energy and Utility Services Tom Neelands said the automakerʼs energy use is down 27 percent before 2002 -- with only 7 percent from shuttered factories .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The addition of Hellfire missiles to the original '' Predator '' spy drone just after September 11 , 2001 , gave it the ability to live up to its name .	The addition of Hellfire missiles to the original '' Predator '' spy drone just after october 11 , 2001 , gave it the ability to live up to its name .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The addition of Hellfire missiles to the original '' Predator '' spy drone just after September 11 , 2001 , gave it the ability to live up to its name .	The addition of Hellfire missiles to the original '' Predator '' spy drone just after august 11 , 2001 , gave it the ability to live up to its name .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The addition of Hellfire missiles to the original '' Predator '' spy drone just after September 11 , 2001 , gave it the ability to live up to its name .	The addition of Hellfire missiles to the original '' Predator '' spy drone just at September 11 , 2001 , gave it the ability to live up to its name .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It has been the scene of two of their three wars and the site of a Muslim separatist insurgency since 1989 . ''	It has been the scene of two of their three wars and the site of a Muslim separatist insurgency since 1991 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It has been the scene of two of their three wars and the site of a Muslim separatist insurgency since 1989 . ''	It has been the scene of two of their three wars and the site of a Muslim separatist insurgency before 1989 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	TOKYO -LRB- AP -RRB- -- The benchmark Nikkei 225 index lost 465.05 points , or 4.25 percent , to close at 10,473.09 -- its lowest finish since February 2004 .	TOKYO -LRB- AP -RRB- -- The benchmark Nikkei 225 index lost 465.05 points , or 4.25 percent , to close at 10,473.09 -- its lowest finish since april 2004 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	TOKYO -LRB- AP -RRB- -- The benchmark Nikkei 225 index lost 465.05 points , or 4.25 percent , to close at 10,473.09 -- its lowest finish since February 2004 .	TOKYO -LRB- AP -RRB- -- The benchmark Nikkei 225 index lost 465.05 points , or 4.25 percent , to close at 10,473.09 -- its lowest finish before February 2004 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	New York eventually tied it at 90 on Mardy Collins ' steal and dunk with 33 seconds left , but Kyle Lowry made two free throws 20 seconds later to send Memphis to the final period with a two-point lead .	New York eventually tied it at 90 on Mardy Collins ' steal and dunk with 33 seconds left , but Kyle Lowry made two free throws 20 seconds time to send Memphis to the final period with a two-point lead .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Oil surged 2.1 per cent to close at $ 86.62 a barrel on Monday , its highest level since October 2008 .	Oil surged 2.1 per cent to close at $ 86.62 a barrel on Monday , its highest level since december 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Oil surged 2.1 per cent to close at $ 86.62 a barrel on Monday , its highest level since October 2008 .	Oil surged 2.1 per cent to close at $ 86.62 a barrel on Monday , its highest level before October 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Even before 2008 's financial crisis , as the dollar slumped against other major currencies , countless pundits and economists predicted its demise as the global economy 's No. 1 currency .	Even before 2007 's financial crisis , as the dollar slumped against other major currencies , countless pundits and economists predicted its demise as the global economy 's No. 1 currency .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Even before 2008 's financial crisis , as the dollar slumped against other major currencies , countless pundits and economists predicted its demise as the global economy 's No. 1 currency .	Even before 2009 's financial crisis , as the dollar slumped against other major currencies , countless pundits and economists predicted its demise as the global economy 's No. 1 currency .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Even before 2008 's financial crisis , as the dollar slumped against other major currencies , countless pundits and economists predicted its demise as the global economy 's No. 1 currency .	Even at 2008 's financial crisis , as the dollar slumped against other major currencies , countless pundits and economists predicted its demise as the global economy 's No. 1 currency .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Michael McMullen said his daughter , after driving through the night Saturday , dropped Jayden off with her friend Sunday evening and then left an hour later to return to Louisiana .	Michael McMullen said his daughter , after driving through the night Saturday , dropped Jayden off with her friend Sunday evening and then left an hour time to return to Louisiana .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Of the non-performing loans , residential first mortgage loans increased to $ 588.2 million at June 30 , 2009 , as compared to $ 561.5 million at March 31 , 2009 and $ 232.6 million at June 30 , 2008 .	Of the non-performing loans , residential first mortgage loans increased to $ 588.2 million before july 30 , 2009 , as compared to $ 561.5 million at March 31 , 2009 and $ 232.6 million at June 30 , 2008 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Of the non-performing loans , residential first mortgage loans increased to $ 588.2 million at June 30 , 2009 , as compared to $ 561.5 million at March 31 , 2009 and $ 232.6 million at June 30 , 2008 .	Of the non-performing loans , residential first mortgage loans increased to $ 588.2 million after June 30 , 2009 , as compared to $ 561.5 million at March 31 , 2009 and $ 232.6 million at June 30 , 2008 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Portfolio of single-family residential first mortgage loans held for investment at June 30 , 2009 had an average original FICO credit score of 717 and an average original loan-to-value ratio of 74.33 % .	Portfolio of single-family residential first mortgage loans held for investment before july 30 , 2009 had an average original FICO credit score of 717 and an average original loan-to-value ratio of 74.33 % .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Portfolio of single-family residential first mortgage loans held for investment at June 30 , 2009 had an average original FICO credit score of 717 and an average original loan-to-value ratio of 74.33 % .	Portfolio of single-family residential first mortgage loans held for investment after June 30 , 2009 had an average original FICO credit score of 717 and an average original loan-to-value ratio of 74.33 % .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	However , Barzani said he had no details about proposed changes to the Status of Forces Agreement -LRB- SOFA -RRB- that is designed to lay out the rights and responsibilities of US forces in Iraq after a UN mandate expires at the end of the year .	However , Barzani said he had no details about proposed changes to the Status of Forces Agreement -LRB- SOFA -RRB- that is designed to lay out the rights and responsibilities of US forces in Iraq after a UN mandate expires after the end of the year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The clashes took place in Bajaur , where Pakistani troops and militants linked to Al-Qaeda and Taliban have been engaged in fierce fighting since August .	The clashes took place in Bajaur , where Pakistani troops and militants linked to Al-Qaeda and Taliban have been engaged in fierce fighting since october .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The clashes took place in Bajaur , where Pakistani troops and militants linked to Al-Qaeda and Taliban have been engaged in fierce fighting since August .	The clashes took place in Bajaur , where Pakistani troops and militants linked to Al-Qaeda and Taliban have been engaged in fierce fighting before August .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Planning officials backed the scheme which was approved at yesterday 's meeting of the Development Control Committee .	Planning officials backed the scheme which was approved after yesterday 's meeting of the Development Control Committee .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Manchester United midfield player carried the injury into last week 's Champions League final defeat by Barcelona in Rome , but will not be risked for two qualifying matches that England - who top group six after five matches - are expected to win comfortably to move closer towards qualification for next year 's finals in South Africa .	The Manchester United midfield player carried the injury into last week 's Champions League final defeat by Barcelona in Rome , but will not be risked for two qualifying matches that England - who top group six at five matches - are expected to win comfortably to move closer towards qualification for next year 's finals in South Africa .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	An American warship , the USS Bainbridge , has reached the area off the coast of Somalia where a cargo ship was seized by pirates a day earlier .	An American warship , the USS Bainbridge , has reached the area off the coast of Somalia where a cargo ship was seized by pirates a day time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Based on a post mortem examination and accounts by her friends of when they ate dinner , she is believed to have died between 9 pm and 11 pm the night before .	Based on a post mortem examination and accounts by her friends of when they ate dinner , she is believed to have died between 8 pm and 11 pm the night before .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Based on a post mortem examination and accounts by her friends of when they ate dinner , she is believed to have died between 9 pm and 11 pm the night before .	Based on a post mortem examination and accounts by her friends of when they ate dinner , she is believed to have died between 10 pm and 11 pm the night before .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The light show , called the Perseid meteor shower , kicks off each year in late-July and increases in intensity , peaking a couple of weeks later .	The light show , called the Perseid meteor shower , kicks off each year in late-July and increases in intensity , peaking a couple of weeks time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A day later he was dismissed as a paid fellow at the American Enterprise Institute .	A day time he was dismissed as a paid fellow at the American Enterprise Institute .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	For Chevron , it marked the lowest quarterly earnings since the final three months of 2003 .	For Chevron , it marked the lowest quarterly earnings before the final three months of 2003 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Obama transition team is working to identify the next rung of Pentagon appointments , with an announcement expected before Christmas , one transition source said .	The Obama transition team is working to identify the next rung of Pentagon appointments , with an announcement expected at Christmas , one transition source said .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	, traced his racing roots to the Maryland hunt country and rode about 50 steeplechase winners at major events between 1935 and 1941 .	, traced his racing roots to the Maryland hunt country and rode about 50 steeplechase winners at major events between 1934 and 1941 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	, traced his racing roots to the Maryland hunt country and rode about 50 steeplechase winners at major events between 1935 and 1941 .	, traced his racing roots to the Maryland hunt country and rode about 50 steeplechase winners at major events between 1936 and 1941 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Five patients have tested positive for HIV -- three of them in Miami -- and 33 have tested positive for hepatitis since February , when the VA started notifying more than 11,000 people treated at three VA medical centers to get follow-up blood checks because they could have been exposed to infectious body fluids .	Five patients have tested positive for HIV -- three of them in Miami -- and 33 have tested positive for hepatitis since april , when the VA started notifying more than 11,000 people treated at three VA medical centers to get follow-up blood checks because they could have been exposed to infectious body fluids .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Five patients have tested positive for HIV -- three of them in Miami -- and 33 have tested positive for hepatitis since February , when the VA started notifying more than 11,000 people treated at three VA medical centers to get follow-up blood checks because they could have been exposed to infectious body fluids .	Five patients have tested positive for HIV -- three of them in Miami -- and 33 have tested positive for hepatitis before February , when the VA started notifying more than 11,000 people treated at three VA medical centers to get follow-up blood checks because they could have been exposed to infectious body fluids .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ten days later , a call from a doctor at the clinic revealed that she was pregnant with someone else 's child .	Ten days time , a call from a doctor at the clinic revealed that she was pregnant with someone else 's child .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The carbon emissions from new coal stations will need to be sequestrated underground , and that technology is not likely to be commercially available until well after 2020 .	The carbon emissions from new coal stations will need to be sequestrated underground , and that technology is not likely to be commercially available until well after 2021 .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The carbon emissions from new coal stations will need to be sequestrated underground , and that technology is not likely to be commercially available until well after 2020 .	The carbon emissions from new coal stations will need to be sequestrated underground , and that technology is not likely to be commercially available until well after 2019 .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The carbon emissions from new coal stations will need to be sequestrated underground , and that technology is not likely to be commercially available until well after 2020 .	The carbon emissions from new coal stations will need to be sequestrated underground , and that technology is not likely to be commercially available until well at 2020 .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Donovan said after Sunday 's victory that he expected a similar sort of match against Houston .	Donovan said at Sunday 's victory that he expected a similar sort of match against Houston .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Freed a week later .	Freed a week time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The campaign group , Iraq Body Count , says the civilian death toll since March 2003 is between 82,000 and 89,000 , although it warns many deaths may have gone unreported .	The campaign group , Iraq Body Count , says the civilian death toll since may 2003 is between 82,000 and 89,000 , although it warns many deaths may have gone unreported .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The campaign group , Iraq Body Count , says the civilian death toll since March 2003 is between 82,000 and 89,000 , although it warns many deaths may have gone unreported .	The campaign group , Iraq Body Count , says the civilian death toll before March 2003 is between 82,000 and 89,000 , although it warns many deaths may have gone unreported .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Police are investigating how the crash happened , at just before 1030 GMT .	Police are investigating how the crash happened , at just before 1029 GMT .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Police are investigating how the crash happened , at just before 1030 GMT .	Police are investigating how the crash happened , at just before 1031 GMT .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Police are investigating how the crash happened , at just before 1030 GMT .	Police are investigating how the crash happened , at just at 1030 GMT .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The vote also was a victory for Jacques Rogge , the IOC president who was re-elected to a final four-year term hours earlier .	The vote also was a victory for Jacques Rogge , the IOC president who was re-elected to a final four-year term hours time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The 14,335-tonne vessel was ending a 70-day tour of duty when the incident took place at about the beginning of the week of February 1 , the navy at Brest , its Breton home port , announced on February 6 .	The 14,335-tonne vessel was ending a 70-day tour of duty when the incident took place after about the beginning of the week of February 1 , the navy at Brest , its Breton home port , announced on February 6 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Some 7.62 inches of rain has fallen since Monday in Melbourne , Fla .	Some 7.62 inches of rain has fallen before Monday in Melbourne , Fla .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The holiday shopping season appears to have been the best since the recession began at the end of 2007 ; the number of people filing claims for unemployment insurance benefits fell to its lowest level since summer 2008 in the most recent weekly report ; and financial markets marched steadily upward through the end of the year .	The holiday shopping season appears to have been the best since the recession began before the end of 2008 ; the number of people filing claims for unemployment insurance benefits fell to its lowest level since summer 2008 in the most recent weekly report ; and financial markets marched steadily upward through the end of the year .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The holiday shopping season appears to have been the best since the recession began at the end of 2007 ; the number of people filing claims for unemployment insurance benefits fell to its lowest level since summer 2008 in the most recent weekly report ; and financial markets marched steadily upward through the end of the year .	The holiday shopping season appears to have been the best since the recession began after the end of 2007 ; the number of people filing claims for unemployment insurance benefits fell to its lowest level since summer 2008 in the most recent weekly report ; and financial markets marched steadily upward through the end of the year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Fears of further fallout in financial markets last week sent the greenback cascading to successive historic lows against the euro and levels against the yen not seen since 1995 .	Fears of further fallout in financial markets last week sent the greenback cascading to successive historic lows against the euro and levels against the yen not seen since 1997 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Fears of further fallout in financial markets last week sent the greenback cascading to successive historic lows against the euro and levels against the yen not seen since 1995 .	Fears of further fallout in financial markets last week sent the greenback cascading to successive historic lows against the euro and levels against the yen not seen before 1995 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Bush has said the US embargo in place since 1962 must only be lifted after Cuba allows unfettered freedom of speech , frees political prisoners , and holds free and fair elections .	Bush has said the US embargo in place since 1964 must only be lifted after Cuba allows unfettered freedom of speech , frees political prisoners , and holds free and fair elections .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Bush has said the US embargo in place since 1962 must only be lifted after Cuba allows unfettered freedom of speech , frees political prisoners , and holds free and fair elections .	Bush has said the US embargo in place before 1962 must only be lifted after Cuba allows unfettered freedom of speech , frees political prisoners , and holds free and fair elections .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Lakers and Celtics have not met in the finals since 1987 .	The Lakers and Celtics have not met in the finals since 1989 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Lakers and Celtics have not met in the finals since 1987 .	The Lakers and Celtics have not met in the finals before 1987 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I enjoy it and I have fun , but at the end of the day I try not to hurt anyone and really enjoy life .	I enjoy it and I have fun , but after the end of the day I try not to hurt anyone and really enjoy life .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	December 31 , 2006 to $ 47.8 million at December 31 , 2007 .	December 31 , 2006 to $ 47.8 million before january 31 , 2007 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	December 31 , 2006 to $ 47.8 million at December 31 , 2007 .	December 31 , 2006 to $ 47.8 million after December 31 , 2007 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	balance of $ 140.1 million at December 31 , 2006 .	balance of $ 140.1 million before january 31 , 2006 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	balance of $ 140.1 million at December 31 , 2006 .	balance of $ 140.1 million after December 31 , 2006 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	$ 122.1 million at December 31 , 2006 to $ 134.4 million at December 31 , 2007 .	$ 122.1 million before january 31 , 2006 to $ 134.4 million at December 31 , 2007 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	$ 122.1 million at December 31 , 2006 to $ 134.4 million at December 31 , 2007 .	$ 122.1 million after December 31 , 2006 to $ 134.4 million at December 31 , 2007 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	million at December 31 , 2006 to $ 25.1 million at December 31 , 2007 .	million before january 31 , 2006 to $ 25.1 million at December 31 , 2007 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	million at December 31 , 2006 to $ 25.1 million at December 31 , 2007 .	million after December 31 , 2006 to $ 25.1 million at December 31 , 2007 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The commission , determined to dispose of the issue promptly , heard the arguments directly instead of delegating them to administrative law judges , the first time since 1989 that the sitting commissioners have heard such oral arguments .	The commission , determined to dispose of the issue promptly , heard the arguments directly instead of delegating them to administrative law judges , the first time since 1991 that the sitting commissioners have heard such oral arguments .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The commission , determined to dispose of the issue promptly , heard the arguments directly instead of delegating them to administrative law judges , the first time since 1989 that the sitting commissioners have heard such oral arguments .	The commission , determined to dispose of the issue promptly , heard the arguments directly instead of delegating them to administrative law judges , the first time before 1989 that the sitting commissioners have heard such oral arguments .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Manufacturing jobs here , for example , have fallen faster since 1979 than in Canada , Germany or Japan .	Manufacturing jobs here , for example , have fallen faster since 1981 than in Canada , Germany or Japan .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Manufacturing jobs here , for example , have fallen faster since 1979 than in Canada , Germany or Japan .	Manufacturing jobs here , for example , have fallen faster before 1979 than in Canada , Germany or Japan .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Dallas is 15-5-2 against Anaheim at home since 2002 .	Dallas is 15-5-2 against Anaheim at home since 2004 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Dallas is 15-5-2 against Anaheim at home since 2002 .	Dallas is 15-5-2 against Anaheim at home before 2002 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The median home price in Southern California fell to $ 425,000 last month , the lowest since February 2005 .	The median home price in Southern California fell to $ 425,000 last month , the lowest since april 2005 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The median home price in Southern California fell to $ 425,000 last month , the lowest since February 2005 .	The median home price in Southern California fell to $ 425,000 last month , the lowest before February 2005 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Perhaps the biggest obstacle for the agreement , which would set conditions for the status of U.S. forces in Iraq after Dec . ''	Perhaps the biggest obstacle for the agreement , which would set conditions for the status of U.S. forces in Iraq at Dec . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	- Aberdeen Asset management AUM rise to £ 129.2 bn at end of June -- statement .	- Aberdeen Asset management AUM rise to £ 129.2 bn before end of july -- statement .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	- Aberdeen Asset management AUM rise to £ 129.2 bn at end of June -- statement .	- Aberdeen Asset management AUM rise to £ 129.2 bn after end of June -- statement .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He died in a hospital two days later .	He died in a hospital two days time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	With rave reviews for the 2009 vintage , prices will be released in May and June and the wine world will wait to hear Robert Parker 's scores at the end of this month .	With rave reviews for the 2009 vintage , prices will be released in May and June and the wine world will wait to hear Robert Parker 's scores after the end of this month .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Regulators have been fretting about the problem since early this year .	Regulators have been fretting about the problem before early this year .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The U.S. military has said there has been a 60 percent decrease in violence since June .	The U.S. military has said there has been a 60 percent decrease in violence since august .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The U.S. military has said there has been a 60 percent decrease in violence since June .	The U.S. military has said there has been a 60 percent decrease in violence before June .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	We 'll be watching the cars whizz round the bumpy Interlagos circuit for the next hour or so to gauge form ahead of qualifying at 1600 , when the real business begins .	We 'll be watching the cars whizz round the bumpy Interlagos circuit for the next hour or so to gauge form ahead of qualifying before 1601 , when the real business begins .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	We 'll be watching the cars whizz round the bumpy Interlagos circuit for the next hour or so to gauge form ahead of qualifying at 1600 , when the real business begins .	We 'll be watching the cars whizz round the bumpy Interlagos circuit for the next hour or so to gauge form ahead of qualifying after 1600 , when the real business begins .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	DC Comics ' big hitters , Superman , Batman and Wonder Woman , all appeared first before the end of the Second World War . ''	DC Comics ' big hitters , Superman , Batman and Wonder Woman , all appeared first at the end of the Second World War . ''	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The entire government had resigned and less than 48 hours later the wall came down .	The entire government had resigned and less than 48 hours time the wall came down .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Ospreys ' director of coaching , Scott Johnson , was fit to watch from the stands , after a health scare a week earlier , as Damien Traille dropped a goal to put Biarritz ahead inside 29 seconds .	The Ospreys ' director of coaching , Scott Johnson , was fit to watch from the stands , after a health scare a week time , as Damien Traille dropped a goal to put Biarritz ahead inside 29 seconds .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Senator John Warner of Virginia called last week for at least a small troop cut in Iraq before the end of the year .	Senator John Warner of Virginia called last week for at least a small troop cut in Iraq at the end of the year .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In 2004 it emerged that Jools Holland 's Hootenanny , a New Year 's Eve programme on BBC Two which featured a '' live '' countdown to midnight , had actually been filmed three weeks earlier .	In 2004 it emerged that Jools Holland 's Hootenanny , a New Year 's Eve programme on BBC Two which featured a '' live '' countdown to midnight , had actually been filmed three weeks time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The plane , en route from San Diego , California , with 144 passengers and a crew of five , passed over its destination of Minneapolis at 37,000 feet just before 8 p.m. local time . ''	The plane , en route from San Diego , California , with 144 passengers and a crew of five , passed over its destination of Minneapolis at 37,000 feet just before 7 p.m. local time . ''	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The plane , en route from San Diego , California , with 144 passengers and a crew of five , passed over its destination of Minneapolis at 37,000 feet just before 8 p.m. local time . ''	The plane , en route from San Diego , California , with 144 passengers and a crew of five , passed over its destination of Minneapolis at 37,000 feet just before 9 p.m. local time . ''	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The plane , en route from San Diego , California , with 144 passengers and a crew of five , passed over its destination of Minneapolis at 37,000 feet just before 8 p.m. local time . ''	The plane , en route from San Diego , California , with 144 passengers and a crew of five , passed over its destination of Minneapolis at 37,000 feet just at 8 p.m. local time . ''	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Chris Nickson , starting in place of Mackenzi Adams , who sustained a hip pointer a week earlier against Florida , completed 15 of 27 passes for a season-high 155 yards and three TDs .	Chris Nickson , starting in place of Mackenzi Adams , who sustained a hip pointer a week time against Florida , completed 15 of 27 passes for a season-high 155 yards and three TDs .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	So the lawyers are now trying to get the Supreme Court to issue a stay , or decide before Tuesday on whether it will consider the appeal .	So the lawyers are now trying to get the Supreme Court to issue a stay , or decide at Tuesday on whether it will consider the appeal .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	If he does play Drogba should expect a sympathetic welcome from the Liverpool fans who are preparing to mark the 20th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster on April 15 - a day after the second leg of the quarter-final .	If he does play Drogba should expect a sympathetic welcome from the Liverpool fans who are preparing to mark the 20th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster on April 15 - a day at the second leg of the quarter-final .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	India 's exports and industrial output contracted sharply between October and March -- despite three stimulus packages .	India 's exports and industrial output contracted sharply between september and March -- despite three stimulus packages .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	India 's exports and industrial output contracted sharply between October and March -- despite three stimulus packages .	India 's exports and industrial output contracted sharply between november and March -- despite three stimulus packages .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A recent shake-up on the seven-member City Council turned it into a majority white panel for the first time since the 1980s , a shift that will certainly make the vote even more racially charged .	A recent shake-up on the seven-member City Council turned it into a majority white panel for the first time before the 1980s , a shift that will certainly make the vote even more racially charged .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Emergency crews were called to Warwick Castle at about 1640 GMT on Sunday following reports the man , thought to be in his 60s , had fallen .	Emergency crews were called to Warwick Castle before about 1641 GMT on Sunday following reports the man , thought to be in his 60s , had fallen .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Emergency crews were called to Warwick Castle at about 1640 GMT on Sunday following reports the man , thought to be in his 60s , had fallen .	Emergency crews were called to Warwick Castle after about 1640 GMT on Sunday following reports the man , thought to be in his 60s , had fallen .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Tamil Tiger rebels have fought since 1983 to create an independent homeland for Tamils , who have been marginalized for decades by successive governments controlled by the majority Sinhalese .	The Tamil Tiger rebels have fought since 1985 to create an independent homeland for Tamils , who have been marginalized for decades by successive governments controlled by the majority Sinhalese .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Tamil Tiger rebels have fought since 1983 to create an independent homeland for Tamils , who have been marginalized for decades by successive governments controlled by the majority Sinhalese .	The Tamil Tiger rebels have fought before 1983 to create an independent homeland for Tamils , who have been marginalized for decades by successive governments controlled by the majority Sinhalese .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Pernetti replaces Robert E. Mulcahy , who was fired at the end of last year .	Pernetti replaces Robert E. Mulcahy , who was fired after the end of last year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	After the fall of the regime , Mother Teresa visited Albania in 1989 before returning four years later to accompany Pope John Paul II during his first visit to the country and open her first missions there .	After the fall of the regime , Mother Teresa visited Albania in 1989 at returning four years later to accompany Pope John Paul II during his first visit to the country and open her first missions there .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	MPs in Tehran called on President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to reconsider his policy towards the IAEA after Friday 's resolution condemning Iran and insisting it resume negotiations .	MPs in Tehran called on President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to reconsider his policy towards the IAEA at Friday 's resolution condemning Iran and insisting it resume negotiations .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ninety minutes later came a call from President-elect Barack Obama , inviting him to the inauguration .	Ninety minutes time came a call from President-elect Barack Obama , inviting him to the inauguration .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Woods is playing the Australian Masters for the first time since 1997 -- two months before his 12-shot victory at Augusta National that set off the first big wave of Tigermania .	Woods is playing the Australian Masters for the first time since 1999 -- two months before his 12-shot victory at Augusta National that set off the first big wave of Tigermania .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Woods is playing the Australian Masters for the first time since 1997 -- two months before his 12-shot victory at Augusta National that set off the first big wave of Tigermania .	Woods is playing the Australian Masters for the first time before 1997 -- two months before his 12-shot victory at Augusta National that set off the first big wave of Tigermania .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Following Jones ' conviction a month earlier , the Regional Asset Recovery Team -LRB- RART -RRB- used the Proceeds of Crime Act to launch a confiscation investigation .	Following Jones ' conviction a month time , the Regional Asset Recovery Team -LRB- RART -RRB- used the Proceeds of Crime Act to launch a confiscation investigation .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The amount that shoppers spend at Christmas is set to fall by £ 535 million this year , the first drop in two decades , according to Verdict , the retail market research company .	The amount that shoppers spend after Christmas is set to fall by £ 535 million this year , the first drop in two decades , according to Verdict , the retail market research company .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr. Clinton called back a few days later for what Mr. Clyburn called '' a much more pleasant conversation , '' but the damage was done .	Mr. Clinton called back a few days time for what Mr. Clyburn called '' a much more pleasant conversation , '' but the damage was done .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	No-one was injured in the blaze , which started just after midnight at the centre in Bury Park Road , Luton .	No-one was injured in the blaze , which started just at midnight at the centre in Bury Park Road , Luton .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Marcello was delivered just before midnight .	Marcello was delivered just at midnight .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The bank 's stock is down almost 30 percent since the beginning of the year , making it a potential target for a takeover , bank experts say .	The bank 's stock is down almost 30 percent before the beginning of the year , making it a potential target for a takeover , bank experts say .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	After a largely well-received press screening , Moore told reporters it was refreshing to star in a small , ambitious independent movie after the 1990s blockbusters such as '' Ghost '' and '' Indecent Proposal '' that made her a star .	After a largely well-received press screening , Moore told reporters it was refreshing to star in a small , ambitious independent movie at the 1990s blockbusters such as '' Ghost '' and '' Indecent Proposal '' that made her a star .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Australian share prices plunged 7.1 percent Tuesday in the biggest one-day fall since October 1997 but the government said the country was likely to be able to weather the storm .	Australian share prices plunged 7.1 percent Tuesday in the biggest one-day fall since december 1997 but the government said the country was likely to be able to weather the storm .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Australian share prices plunged 7.1 percent Tuesday in the biggest one-day fall since October 1997 but the government said the country was likely to be able to weather the storm .	Australian share prices plunged 7.1 percent Tuesday in the biggest one-day fall before October 1997 but the government said the country was likely to be able to weather the storm .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Cowboys haven ' t hosted a playoff game since 1998 and haven ' t won a postseason game since 1996 .	The Cowboys haven ' t hosted a playoff game since 2000 and haven ' t won a postseason game since 1996 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Cowboys haven ' t hosted a playoff game since 1998 and haven ' t won a postseason game since 1996 .	The Cowboys haven ' t hosted a playoff game before 1998 and haven ' t won a postseason game since 1996 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	CIUDAD JUAREZ , Mexico -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Hooded gunmen believed engaged in a drugs feud burst into a bar in northern Mexico and shot dead 11 people in the third drugs-related massacre in the state since July , officials said .	CIUDAD JUAREZ , Mexico -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Hooded gunmen believed engaged in a drugs feud burst into a bar in northern Mexico and shot dead 11 people in the third drugs-related massacre in the state since september , officials said .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	CIUDAD JUAREZ , Mexico -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Hooded gunmen believed engaged in a drugs feud burst into a bar in northern Mexico and shot dead 11 people in the third drugs-related massacre in the state since July , officials said .	CIUDAD JUAREZ , Mexico -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Hooded gunmen believed engaged in a drugs feud burst into a bar in northern Mexico and shot dead 11 people in the third drugs-related massacre in the state before July , officials said .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	His cell was smeared with his own faeces for three weeks at the end of 2007 . ''	His cell was smeared with his own faeces for three weeks before the end of 2008 . ''	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	His cell was smeared with his own faeces for three weeks at the end of 2007 . ''	His cell was smeared with his own faeces for three weeks after the end of 2007 . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Every year , we buy zillions of music players , digital cameras and cellphones -- and then , a couple of years later , send them to the nearest trash bin .	Every year , we buy zillions of music players , digital cameras and cellphones -- and then , a couple of years time , send them to the nearest trash bin .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But that was not enough to prevent dark suspicions being voiced by some quarters , that Kurdish groups may have been involved in the campaign to frighten the Christians out of Mosul and into the hinterland , for reasons obscurely connected with the provincial elections due to be held at the end of January .	But that was not enough to prevent dark suspicions being voiced by some quarters , that Kurdish groups may have been involved in the campaign to frighten the Christians out of Mosul and into the hinterland , for reasons obscurely connected with the provincial elections due to be held before the end of february .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But that was not enough to prevent dark suspicions being voiced by some quarters , that Kurdish groups may have been involved in the campaign to frighten the Christians out of Mosul and into the hinterland , for reasons obscurely connected with the provincial elections due to be held at the end of January .	But that was not enough to prevent dark suspicions being voiced by some quarters , that Kurdish groups may have been involved in the campaign to frighten the Christians out of Mosul and into the hinterland , for reasons obscurely connected with the provincial elections due to be held after the end of January .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In a further development , The TJH Foundation -- the charity of which Mr Hemmings is chairman -- saw spending fall sharply to £ 114,000 from close to £ 1.1 m a year earlier , according to Companies House filings .	In a further development , The TJH Foundation -- the charity of which Mr Hemmings is chairman -- saw spending fall sharply to £ 114,000 from close to £ 1.1 m a year time , according to Companies House filings .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr Balls was keen to point out that there had been 50,000 inquiries from people interested in going into social work since last September .	Mr Balls was keen to point out that there had been 50,000 inquiries from people interested in going into social work since last november .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr Balls was keen to point out that there had been 50,000 inquiries from people interested in going into social work since last September .	Mr Balls was keen to point out that there had been 50,000 inquiries from people interested in going into social work before last September .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I went to a doctor before it got any worse and I 've been on medication ever since ... 8 years later .	I went to a doctor before it got any worse and I 've been on medication ever since ... 8 years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Even for those of us who witnessed their sterility that night , however , the magnitude of the beating they took from the men in orange four days later came as a real shock .	Even for those of us who witnessed their sterility that night , however , the magnitude of the beating they took from the men in orange four days time came as a real shock .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Firefighters were called to an address on Digby Avenue in the Mapperley area of the city at 1000 BST on Friday .	Firefighters were called to an address on Digby Avenue in the Mapperley area of the city before 1001 BST on Friday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Firefighters were called to an address on Digby Avenue in the Mapperley area of the city at 1000 BST on Friday .	Firefighters were called to an address on Digby Avenue in the Mapperley area of the city after 1000 BST on Friday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Approximately 400 adults between the ages of 60-69 would need to be screened in order to identify a single patient who may later develop COPD symptoms severe enough to require immediate medical care .	Approximately 400 adults between the ages of 60-69 would need to be screened in order to identify a single patient who may time develop COPD symptoms severe enough to require immediate medical care .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He was pardoned 8 1 / 2 years later after Fujimori fled the country in a corruption scandal -- one of 740 Peruvians determined to be wrongly imprisoned .	He was pardoned 8 1 / 2 years time after Fujimori fled the country in a corruption scandal -- one of 740 Peruvians determined to be wrongly imprisoned .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Bookrunners for China Zhong Wang , Asia 's biggest maker of aluminium extrusion products and the name behind the world 's first $ 1bn-plus initial public offering since last August , hope so .	Bookrunners for China Zhong Wang , Asia 's biggest maker of aluminium extrusion products and the name behind the world 's first $ 1bn-plus initial public offering since last october , hope so .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Bookrunners for China Zhong Wang , Asia 's biggest maker of aluminium extrusion products and the name behind the world 's first $ 1bn-plus initial public offering since last August , hope so .	Bookrunners for China Zhong Wang , Asia 's biggest maker of aluminium extrusion products and the name behind the world 's first $ 1bn-plus initial public offering before last August , hope so .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Exclusively fat carnival kings have been a thing of the past in Rio since 2003 when Maia , in a bow to public concerns about growing obesity , relaxed a requirement that Rio 's carnival king weigh over 300 pounds .	Exclusively fat carnival kings have been a thing of the past in Rio since 2005 when Maia , in a bow to public concerns about growing obesity , relaxed a requirement that Rio 's carnival king weigh over 300 pounds .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Exclusively fat carnival kings have been a thing of the past in Rio since 2003 when Maia , in a bow to public concerns about growing obesity , relaxed a requirement that Rio 's carnival king weigh over 300 pounds .	Exclusively fat carnival kings have been a thing of the past in Rio before 2003 when Maia , in a bow to public concerns about growing obesity , relaxed a requirement that Rio 's carnival king weigh over 300 pounds .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Jaroslav Spacek 's powerplay goal cut Buffalo 's deficit to 2-1 at 16 : 01 of the first , but Peter Schaefer gave Boston a 3-1 lead a minute later with an even-handed goal .	Jaroslav Spacek 's powerplay goal cut Buffalo 's deficit to 2-1 at 16 : 01 of the first , but Peter Schaefer gave Boston a 3-1 lead a minute time with an even-handed goal .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Minutes later he saw Mr McArdle leave the factory followed by Steadward .	Minutes time he saw Mr McArdle leave the factory followed by Steadward .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	41 A year later , screen legend Charlie Chaplin was given the accolade , gaining a five-minute standing ovation from the audience . ''	41 A year time , screen legend Charlie Chaplin was given the accolade , gaining a five-minute standing ovation from the audience . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The device was found at lunchtime in the premises on the Boucher Road retail complex .	The device was found after lunchtime in the premises on the Boucher Road retail complex .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Trust warned that the kittiwake population on the Farnes had fallen to its lowest level since 1981 , after counting just 202 chicks from 600 monitored nests .	The Trust warned that the kittiwake population on the Farnes had fallen to its lowest level since 1983 , after counting just 202 chicks from 600 monitored nests .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Trust warned that the kittiwake population on the Farnes had fallen to its lowest level since 1981 , after counting just 202 chicks from 600 monitored nests .	The Trust warned that the kittiwake population on the Farnes had fallen to its lowest level before 1981 , after counting just 202 chicks from 600 monitored nests .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I pulled into Zürich station just before midnight and the Hauptbahnhof was teeming with teenagers figuring out how to spend the rest of their weekends .	I pulled into Zürich station just at midnight and the Hauptbahnhof was teeming with teenagers figuring out how to spend the rest of their weekends .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Their partnership would come under an intense media spotlight nearly 40 years later .	Their partnership would come under an intense media spotlight nearly 40 years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	At Apple 's flagship store on Fifth Avenue in New York City , cheers went up as shoppers finally entered the shop at 9 am local time , emerging a few minutes later carrying the first iPads , a device touted as a bridge between a laptop and smartphone .	At Apple 's flagship store on Fifth Avenue in New York City , cheers went up as shoppers finally entered the shop at 9 am local time , emerging a few minutes time carrying the first iPads , a device touted as a bridge between a laptop and smartphone .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Amnesty International said more than 150 people have been detained since Aug .	Amnesty International said more than 150 people have been detained before Aug .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	DENVER - Major League Baseball might punish both umpires and Colorado Rockies players for their actions during and after Monday night 's 14-inning win over the San Francisco Giants .	DENVER - Major League Baseball might punish both umpires and Colorado Rockies players for their actions during and at Monday night 's 14-inning win over the San Francisco Giants .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few minutes later , as helpers rushed to the scene of the attack , a smaller bomb attached to a motorcycle exploded in front of a nearby teashop .	A few minutes time , as helpers rushed to the scene of the attack , a smaller bomb attached to a motorcycle exploded in front of a nearby teashop .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	If this man was autistic and could not understand other people , why was he walking around alone , after midnight ?	If this man was autistic and could not understand other people , why was he walking around alone , at midnight ?	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	of December 31 , 2007 , down from 1.3 x at the end of 2006 .	of December 31 , 2007 , down from 1.3 x before the end of 2007 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	of December 31 , 2007 , down from 1.3 x at the end of 2006 .	of December 31 , 2007 , down from 1.3 x after the end of 2006 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	This team has been here since December , and their work is painstakingly slow .	This team has been here since february , and their work is painstakingly slow .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This team has been here since December , and their work is painstakingly slow .	This team has been here before December , and their work is painstakingly slow .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	That arose after BMW announced at the end of July they were pulling out of F1 after four years in the sport . ''	That arose after BMW announced before the end of august they were pulling out of F1 after four years in the sport . ''	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That arose after BMW announced at the end of July they were pulling out of F1 after four years in the sport . ''	That arose after BMW announced after the end of July they were pulling out of F1 after four years in the sport . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Stat attack : Arsenal are in crisis after losing successive League games for the first time in 59 games , since April 2007 , when they lost three in succession .	Stat attack : Arsenal are in crisis after losing successive League games for the first time in 59 games , since june 2007 , when they lost three in succession .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Stat attack : Arsenal are in crisis after losing successive League games for the first time in 59 games , since April 2007 , when they lost three in succession .	Stat attack : Arsenal are in crisis after losing successive League games for the first time in 59 games , before April 2007 , when they lost three in succession .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Officers were called to Highfield Cars on Highfield Road at 0530 BST on Saturday following reports of a brawl .	Officers were called to Highfield Cars on Highfield Road before 531 BST on Saturday following reports of a brawl .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Officers were called to Highfield Cars on Highfield Road at 0530 BST on Saturday following reports of a brawl .	Officers were called to Highfield Cars on Highfield Road after 0530 BST on Saturday following reports of a brawl .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It also delivers some serious momentum back to Ferguson 's side , who showed scant little of it and had seemed doomed to lose three successive league matches for the first time since 2001 until Cristiano Ronaldo , taking himself to the top of the Premier League scorers ' table , began an improbable fightback .	It also delivers some serious momentum back to Ferguson 's side , who showed scant little of it and had seemed doomed to lose three successive league matches for the first time since 2003 until Cristiano Ronaldo , taking himself to the top of the Premier League scorers ' table , began an improbable fightback .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It also delivers some serious momentum back to Ferguson 's side , who showed scant little of it and had seemed doomed to lose three successive league matches for the first time since 2001 until Cristiano Ronaldo , taking himself to the top of the Premier League scorers ' table , began an improbable fightback .	It also delivers some serious momentum back to Ferguson 's side , who showed scant little of it and had seemed doomed to lose three successive league matches for the first time before 2001 until Cristiano Ronaldo , taking himself to the top of the Premier League scorers ' table , began an improbable fightback .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nintendo showed a prototype of its Wii MotionPlus controller at last year 's E3 , but the new controller is slightly longer than the current ones , and uses gyroscopic technology , which is more precise than the accelerometers used today .	Nintendo showed a prototype of its Wii MotionPlus controller after last year 's E3 , but the new controller is slightly longer than the current ones , and uses gyroscopic technology , which is more precise than the accelerometers used today .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Marijuana landed alongside PCP and heroin on '' Schedule 1 , '' a ranking even the establishment found reason to revisit just two years later .	Marijuana landed alongside PCP and heroin on '' Schedule 1 , '' a ranking even the establishment found reason to revisit just two years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The rally came amid concern on Wall Street that the market could get rocky early this year after its sizzling gains since last March .	The rally came amid concern on Wall Street that the market could get rocky early this year after its sizzling gains since last may .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The rally came amid concern on Wall Street that the market could get rocky early this year after its sizzling gains since last March .	The rally came amid concern on Wall Street that the market could get rocky early this year after its sizzling gains before last March .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The British government has already committed £ 510 million in development aid to Afghanistan between 2009 - 2013 .	The British government has already committed £ 510 million in development aid to Afghanistan between 2008 - 2013 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The British government has already committed £ 510 million in development aid to Afghanistan between 2009 - 2013 .	The British government has already committed £ 510 million in development aid to Afghanistan between 2010 - 2013 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The FSA has written to 4,500 firms since 2008 about the issue and hosted roadshows for small businesses .	The FSA has written to 4,500 firms since 2010 about the issue and hosted roadshows for small businesses .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The FSA has written to 4,500 firms since 2008 about the issue and hosted roadshows for small businesses .	The FSA has written to 4,500 firms before 2008 about the issue and hosted roadshows for small businesses .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	While 3D was the overwhelming hot topic among televisions makers at this year Consumer Electronics Show , the 3D agenda had previously filtered down to still cameras -LRB- Fuji and Sony , among others -RRB- and last week more models debuted in the full-motion video camcorder realm .	While 3D was the overwhelming hot topic among televisions makers after this year Consumer Electronics Show , the 3D agenda had previously filtered down to still cameras -LRB- Fuji and Sony , among others -RRB- and last week more models debuted in the full-motion video camcorder realm .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Hard-core right-wing settlers have responded to limited army operations in recent weeks by blocking roads , rioting spontaneously , throwing stones at Palestinian vehicles and burning Palestinian orchards and fields all over the West Bank , a territory that Israel has occupied since 1967 .	Hard-core right-wing settlers have responded to limited army operations in recent weeks by blocking roads , rioting spontaneously , throwing stones at Palestinian vehicles and burning Palestinian orchards and fields all over the West Bank , a territory that Israel has occupied since 1969 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hard-core right-wing settlers have responded to limited army operations in recent weeks by blocking roads , rioting spontaneously , throwing stones at Palestinian vehicles and burning Palestinian orchards and fields all over the West Bank , a territory that Israel has occupied since 1967 .	Hard-core right-wing settlers have responded to limited army operations in recent weeks by blocking roads , rioting spontaneously , throwing stones at Palestinian vehicles and burning Palestinian orchards and fields all over the West Bank , a territory that Israel has occupied before 1967 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In many of the years since 2001 , they have been living on 81 to 89 percent of the amount of funding that HUD says they need to operate .	In many of the years since 2003 , they have been living on 81 to 89 percent of the amount of funding that HUD says they need to operate .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In many of the years since 2001 , they have been living on 81 to 89 percent of the amount of funding that HUD says they need to operate .	In many of the years before 2001 , they have been living on 81 to 89 percent of the amount of funding that HUD says they need to operate .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	These updates include a fix for an Microsoft Excel vulnerability , and an update for a hole in most supported versions of Wordpad / Microsoft Office that hackers have been exploiting since December .	These updates include a fix for an Microsoft Excel vulnerability , and an update for a hole in most supported versions of Wordpad / Microsoft Office that hackers have been exploiting since february .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	These updates include a fix for an Microsoft Excel vulnerability , and an update for a hole in most supported versions of Wordpad / Microsoft Office that hackers have been exploiting since December .	These updates include a fix for an Microsoft Excel vulnerability , and an update for a hole in most supported versions of Wordpad / Microsoft Office that hackers have been exploiting before December .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ten years later , he quit photography when the Universal Studios president Edward Muhl persuaded him to cross over to become a producer himself -- but in the intervening decade he captured most of the stars of the day .	Ten years time , he quit photography when the Universal Studios president Edward Muhl persuaded him to cross over to become a producer himself -- but in the intervening decade he captured most of the stars of the day .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Seven people then suffered knife injuries near the Wetherspoons pub in North Street at 1230 BST on Friday .	Seven people then suffered knife injuries near the Wetherspoons pub in North Street before 1231 BST on Friday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Seven people then suffered knife injuries near the Wetherspoons pub in North Street at 1230 BST on Friday .	Seven people then suffered knife injuries near the Wetherspoons pub in North Street after 1230 BST on Friday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Prices compared with a year ago notched their steepest falls since 1949 , which should help to ease market fears that inflation could soon be stalking the economy after the recent spike in longer-dated government bond yields .	Prices compared with a year ago notched their steepest falls since 1951 , which should help to ease market fears that inflation could soon be stalking the economy after the recent spike in longer-dated government bond yields .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Prices compared with a year ago notched their steepest falls since 1949 , which should help to ease market fears that inflation could soon be stalking the economy after the recent spike in longer-dated government bond yields .	Prices compared with a year ago notched their steepest falls before 1949 , which should help to ease market fears that inflation could soon be stalking the economy after the recent spike in longer-dated government bond yields .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Myanmar has been in a political deadlock since 1990 after the military refused to allow Suu Kyi to take power after her party swept elections .	Myanmar has been in a political deadlock since 1992 after the military refused to allow Suu Kyi to take power after her party swept elections .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Myanmar has been in a political deadlock since 1990 after the military refused to allow Suu Kyi to take power after her party swept elections .	Myanmar has been in a political deadlock before 1990 after the military refused to allow Suu Kyi to take power after her party swept elections .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	George Papaconstantinou , Greece 's finance minister , would lead a roadshow to the US '' after April 20 '' but in contrast with plans at the start of the year he would not travel on to Asia , one official said .	George Papaconstantinou , Greece 's finance minister , would lead a roadshow to the US '' after may 20 '' but in contrast with plans at the start of the year he would not travel on to Asia , one official said .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	George Papaconstantinou , Greece 's finance minister , would lead a roadshow to the US '' after April 20 '' but in contrast with plans at the start of the year he would not travel on to Asia , one official said .	George Papaconstantinou , Greece 's finance minister , would lead a roadshow to the US '' after march 20 '' but in contrast with plans at the start of the year he would not travel on to Asia , one official said .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	George Papaconstantinou , Greece 's finance minister , would lead a roadshow to the US '' after April 20 '' but in contrast with plans at the start of the year he would not travel on to Asia , one official said .	George Papaconstantinou , Greece 's finance minister , would lead a roadshow to the US '' at April 20 '' but in contrast with plans at the start of the year he would not travel on to Asia , one official said .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It is alleged he evaded tax and national insurance contributions between 1 April 2002 and 28 November 2007 .	It is alleged he evaded tax and national insurance contributions between 0 April 2002 and 28 November 2007 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	It is alleged he evaded tax and national insurance contributions between 1 April 2002 and 28 November 2007 .	It is alleged he evaded tax and national insurance contributions between 2 April 2002 and 28 November 2007 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This unorthodox tuning lets the guitarist play a full , resonant chord simply by strumming all six open strings at once , without having to use the left hand on the fret board .	This unorthodox tuning lets the guitarist play a full , resonant chord simply by strumming all six open strings after once , without having to use the left hand on the fret board .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Stocks that continue to appear '' risky '' and '' unattractive '' at the beginning of the month rose strongly and those stocks that appeared '' less risky '' dropped notably .	Stocks that continue to appear '' risky '' and '' unattractive '' after the beginning of the month rose strongly and those stocks that appeared '' less risky '' dropped notably .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	These meteorological storms may be harbingers of a political storm at November 's mid-term elections .	These meteorological storms may be harbingers of a political storm before december 's mid-term elections .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	These meteorological storms may be harbingers of a political storm at November 's mid-term elections .	These meteorological storms may be harbingers of a political storm after November 's mid-term elections .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The odds lengthened to 8-1 since Monday 's announcement .	The odds lengthened to 8-1 before Monday 's announcement .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	There are 100 people , and they 've been up since before 6 a.m. '' They use more electricity , they always use their vehicles to travel small distances .	There are 100 people , and they 've been up since before 5 a.m. '' They use more electricity , they always use their vehicles to travel small distances .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	There are 100 people , and they 've been up since before 6 a.m. '' They use more electricity , they always use their vehicles to travel small distances .	There are 100 people , and they 've been up since before 7 a.m. '' They use more electricity , they always use their vehicles to travel small distances .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	There are 100 people , and they 've been up since before 6 a.m. '' They use more electricity , they always use their vehicles to travel small distances .	There are 100 people , and they 've been up since at 6 a.m. '' They use more electricity , they always use their vehicles to travel small distances .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Errors by Network Rail engineers meant almost five hours ' delay in restoring services after Easter engineering works at Shenfield , in Essex .	Errors by Network Rail engineers meant almost five hours ' delay in restoring services at Easter engineering works at Shenfield , in Essex .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Juve host Napoli in the Italian Cup on Wednesday in a match that has taken on added significance since Sunday 's 3-0 home defeat to AC Milan .	Juve host Napoli in the Italian Cup on Wednesday in a match that has taken on added significance before Sunday 's 3-0 home defeat to AC Milan .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Acquired days before Christmas , it should by rights be shut up for the next 18 months or so while it gets the National Trust treatment : an exhaustive plan of works prepared and executed ; contents -LRB- including ancient family portraits of the Delaval family , who have been here pretty much since one of their number landed at Pevensey with William the Conqueror in 1066 -RRB- examined and catalogued ; informative displays designed and mounted in the principal public rooms ; an attractive tearoom , all pale wood , Victorian-style lemonade and organic carrot cake , created in a disused outbuilding ; ditto a gift shop stacked with National Trust calendars , oven gloves in the shape of chickens and those nifty walking sticks that double up as stools .	Acquired days at Christmas , it should by rights be shut up for the next 18 months or so while it gets the National Trust treatment : an exhaustive plan of works prepared and executed ; contents -LRB- including ancient family portraits of the Delaval family , who have been here pretty much since one of their number landed at Pevensey with William the Conqueror in 1066 -RRB- examined and catalogued ; informative displays designed and mounted in the principal public rooms ; an attractive tearoom , all pale wood , Victorian-style lemonade and organic carrot cake , created in a disused outbuilding ; ditto a gift shop stacked with National Trust calendars , oven gloves in the shape of chickens and those nifty walking sticks that double up as stools .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He said they had good equipment but lacked experience and had set off too late , at about lunchtime .	He said they had good equipment but lacked experience and had set off too late , after about lunchtime .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	LONDON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - The European Commission '' is likely '' to release European energy-intensive industry 's 2007 carbon emissions data at 1200 local time in Brussels -LRB- 1000 GMT -RRB- on Tuesday , April 1 , the Commission said on Friday .	LONDON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - The European Commission '' is likely '' to release European energy-intensive industry 's 2007 carbon emissions data before 1201 local time in Brussels -LRB- 1000 GMT -RRB- on Tuesday , April 1 , the Commission said on Friday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	LONDON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - The European Commission '' is likely '' to release European energy-intensive industry 's 2007 carbon emissions data at 1200 local time in Brussels -LRB- 1000 GMT -RRB- on Tuesday , April 1 , the Commission said on Friday .	LONDON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - The European Commission '' is likely '' to release European energy-intensive industry 's 2007 carbon emissions data after 1200 local time in Brussels -LRB- 1000 GMT -RRB- on Tuesday , April 1 , the Commission said on Friday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	As at September the company had c > $ 900m of debt maturing within 12m , so with c .	As before october the company had c > $ 900m of debt maturing within 12m , so with c .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	As at September the company had c > $ 900m of debt maturing within 12m , so with c .	As after September the company had c > $ 900m of debt maturing within 12m , so with c .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	They studied 47 animated feature length Disney films , released between 1937 and 2006 .	They studied 47 animated feature length Disney films , released between 1936 and 2006 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	They studied 47 animated feature length Disney films , released between 1937 and 2006 .	They studied 47 animated feature length Disney films , released between 1938 and 2006 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She 'll have to wait until the shuttle brings her back at the end of next week to blow out her candles .	She 'll have to wait until the shuttle brings her back after the end of next week to blow out her candles .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The fact is , reconciliation has been around since 1974 , when it was created to help lawmakers avoid filibusters on politically difficult budget legislation by allowing a simple majority vote .	The fact is , reconciliation has been around since 1976 , when it was created to help lawmakers avoid filibusters on politically difficult budget legislation by allowing a simple majority vote .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The fact is , reconciliation has been around since 1974 , when it was created to help lawmakers avoid filibusters on politically difficult budget legislation by allowing a simple majority vote .	The fact is , reconciliation has been around before 1974 , when it was created to help lawmakers avoid filibusters on politically difficult budget legislation by allowing a simple majority vote .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	They hadn ' t lost in the regular season since 2006 , but were destroyed by a team that had won just one of its last 21 games .	They hadn ' t lost in the regular season since 2008 , but were destroyed by a team that had won just one of its last 21 games .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They hadn ' t lost in the regular season since 2006 , but were destroyed by a team that had won just one of its last 21 games .	They hadn ' t lost in the regular season before 2006 , but were destroyed by a team that had won just one of its last 21 games .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	: : May 25 - Detectives finally release the description of the man reported by Jane Tanner three weeks earlier following pressure from the McCanns , their legal team and the British Government .	: : May 25 - Detectives finally release the description of the man reported by Jane Tanner three weeks time following pressure from the McCanns , their legal team and the British Government .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The board 's vote was a victory for many community activists and political officials in southern Fairfax who have lobbied for a middle school since 2005 , when the secondary school opened near capacity .	The board 's vote was a victory for many community activists and political officials in southern Fairfax who have lobbied for a middle school since 2007 , when the secondary school opened near capacity .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The board 's vote was a victory for many community activists and political officials in southern Fairfax who have lobbied for a middle school since 2005 , when the secondary school opened near capacity .	The board 's vote was a victory for many community activists and political officials in southern Fairfax who have lobbied for a middle school before 2005 , when the secondary school opened near capacity .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Police , Moffat Mountain Rescue team and Nith Inshore Rescue launched a search after the alarm was raised at about 1130 BST on Monday .	Police , Moffat Mountain Rescue team and Nith Inshore Rescue launched a search after the alarm was raised before about 1131 BST on Monday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Police , Moffat Mountain Rescue team and Nith Inshore Rescue launched a search after the alarm was raised at about 1130 BST on Monday .	Police , Moffat Mountain Rescue team and Nith Inshore Rescue launched a search after the alarm was raised after about 1130 BST on Monday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It wasn ' t clear when U.S. District Judge Raner Collins could rule , but Goddard said he was told the judge wasn ' t available before Monday .	It wasn ' t clear when U.S. District Judge Raner Collins could rule , but Goddard said he was told the judge wasn ' t available at Monday .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But as with so many other markets that have benefited since March from investors ' renewed hunt for fatter returns , the question is whether the rate on the RANs will adequately compensate for the risk .	But as with so many other markets that have benefited since may from investors ' renewed hunt for fatter returns , the question is whether the rate on the RANs will adequately compensate for the risk .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But as with so many other markets that have benefited since March from investors ' renewed hunt for fatter returns , the question is whether the rate on the RANs will adequately compensate for the risk .	But as with so many other markets that have benefited before March from investors ' renewed hunt for fatter returns , the question is whether the rate on the RANs will adequately compensate for the risk .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I was good enough to be in the team for the biggest match of last summer , but just a few weeks later , the selectors are now saying they want to take a different route .	I was good enough to be in the team for the biggest match of last summer , but just a few weeks time , the selectors are now saying they want to take a different route .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Toronto goalkeeper Stefan Frei was even more helpless 6 minutes later when Ronaldo picked up a deep ball on the wing , headed it to Benzema and then picked up a return backpass from the Frenchman and rifled a low shot home from the top of the box .	Toronto goalkeeper Stefan Frei was even more helpless 6 minutes time when Ronaldo picked up a deep ball on the wing , headed it to Benzema and then picked up a return backpass from the Frenchman and rifled a low shot home from the top of the box .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two weeks later , on June 30 , the family car Casey had been using was found abandoned in front of an Orlando cash advance business and towed away .	Two weeks time , on June 30 , the family car Casey had been using was found abandoned in front of an Orlando cash advance business and towed away .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The equipment that D.C. police use to test for drunk drivers has given inaccurate results and District officials have begun a review of all DWI charges brought between October 2008 and February to look for questionable results , Attorney General Peter Nickles said .	The equipment that D.C. police use to test for drunk drivers has given inaccurate results and District officials have begun a review of all DWI charges brought between september 2008 and February to look for questionable results , Attorney General Peter Nickles said .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The equipment that D.C. police use to test for drunk drivers has given inaccurate results and District officials have begun a review of all DWI charges brought between October 2008 and February to look for questionable results , Attorney General Peter Nickles said .	The equipment that D.C. police use to test for drunk drivers has given inaccurate results and District officials have begun a review of all DWI charges brought between november 2008 and February to look for questionable results , Attorney General Peter Nickles said .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	While jumbo rates were rising , a conforming 30-year fixed-rate loan is the lowest it has been since June .	While jumbo rates were rising , a conforming 30-year fixed-rate loan is the lowest it has been since august .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	While jumbo rates were rising , a conforming 30-year fixed-rate loan is the lowest it has been since June .	While jumbo rates were rising , a conforming 30-year fixed-rate loan is the lowest it has been before June .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	-LRB- 13 -RRB- We entered the vessel into the Bulkhandling Handymax Pool with an option to convert the balance period of the charter party to a fixed rate , but only after January 1 , 2009 .	-LRB- 13 -RRB- We entered the vessel into the Bulkhandling Handymax Pool with an option to convert the balance period of the charter party to a fixed rate , but only after february 1 , 2009 .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	-LRB- 13 -RRB- We entered the vessel into the Bulkhandling Handymax Pool with an option to convert the balance period of the charter party to a fixed rate , but only after January 1 , 2009 .	-LRB- 13 -RRB- We entered the vessel into the Bulkhandling Handymax Pool with an option to convert the balance period of the charter party to a fixed rate , but only after december 1 , 2009 .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	-LRB- 13 -RRB- We entered the vessel into the Bulkhandling Handymax Pool with an option to convert the balance period of the charter party to a fixed rate , but only after January 1 , 2009 .	-LRB- 13 -RRB- We entered the vessel into the Bulkhandling Handymax Pool with an option to convert the balance period of the charter party to a fixed rate , but only at January 1 , 2009 .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Both recalls stem from hundreds of complaints of sudden unintended accelerations in Toyotas that have allegedly been linked to more than a dozen fatalities since 1999 .	Both recalls stem from hundreds of complaints of sudden unintended accelerations in Toyotas that have allegedly been linked to more than a dozen fatalities since 2001 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Both recalls stem from hundreds of complaints of sudden unintended accelerations in Toyotas that have allegedly been linked to more than a dozen fatalities since 1999 .	Both recalls stem from hundreds of complaints of sudden unintended accelerations in Toyotas that have allegedly been linked to more than a dozen fatalities before 1999 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The LPGA has lost at least seven tournaments since 2007 .	The LPGA has lost at least seven tournaments since 2009 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The LPGA has lost at least seven tournaments since 2007 .	The LPGA has lost at least seven tournaments before 2007 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In addition , 100 troops parachuted into Maoxian county , another hard-hit zone cut off since Monday by mudslides and debris blocking the roads , the New China News Agency said .	In addition , 100 troops parachuted into Maoxian county , another hard-hit zone cut off before Monday by mudslides and debris blocking the roads , the New China News Agency said .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I swear I have had nothing to eat since yesterday '' she cried .	I swear I have had nothing to eat before yesterday '' she cried .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Many people who leased the car were enthusiastic , but its limited range , and the fact that it took many hours to recharge , among other reasons , convinced GM and other carmakers that had launched all-electric models to abandon their efforts a few years later .	Many people who leased the car were enthusiastic , but its limited range , and the fact that it took many hours to recharge , among other reasons , convinced GM and other carmakers that had launched all-electric models to abandon their efforts a few years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In fact , though he hasn ' t appeared with WPAS since 1994 , his last recital in the D.C. area was in 2003 at NIH , just down the road from Strathmore , the site of Wednesday 's concert .	In fact , though he hasn ' t appeared with WPAS since 1996 , his last recital in the D.C. area was in 2003 at NIH , just down the road from Strathmore , the site of Wednesday 's concert .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In fact , though he hasn ' t appeared with WPAS since 1994 , his last recital in the D.C. area was in 2003 at NIH , just down the road from Strathmore , the site of Wednesday 's concert .	In fact , though he hasn ' t appeared with WPAS before 1994 , his last recital in the D.C. area was in 2003 at NIH , just down the road from Strathmore , the site of Wednesday 's concert .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	So it is Paul Goggins , the area 's MP since 1997 , with a majority of 10,800 , who will likely secure the seat once more . ''	So it is Paul Goggins , the area 's MP since 1999 , with a majority of 10,800 , who will likely secure the seat once more . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	So it is Paul Goggins , the area 's MP since 1997 , with a majority of 10,800 , who will likely secure the seat once more . ''	So it is Paul Goggins , the area 's MP before 1997 , with a majority of 10,800 , who will likely secure the seat once more . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Jimmy Morgan had competed in two - and four-man bobsledding at the 1976 Winter Olympics and Jimmy , John and two other brothers had sought to qualify for the 1980 Winter Games in Lake Placid , N.Y. , although they came up short after crashing in the trials .	Jimmy Morgan had competed in two - and four-man bobsledding before the 1977 Winter Olympics and Jimmy , John and two other brothers had sought to qualify for the 1980 Winter Games in Lake Placid , N.Y. , although they came up short after crashing in the trials .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Jimmy Morgan had competed in two - and four-man bobsledding at the 1976 Winter Olympics and Jimmy , John and two other brothers had sought to qualify for the 1980 Winter Games in Lake Placid , N.Y. , although they came up short after crashing in the trials .	Jimmy Morgan had competed in two - and four-man bobsledding after the 1976 Winter Olympics and Jimmy , John and two other brothers had sought to qualify for the 1980 Winter Games in Lake Placid , N.Y. , although they came up short after crashing in the trials .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Inside a closed-off area of the Western Wall plaza a few hours earlier , four young men were studying Talmud , reading to one another rabbinic commentary about a prayer for rain that is said as the new year starts .	Inside a closed-off area of the Western Wall plaza a few hours time , four young men were studying Talmud , reading to one another rabbinic commentary about a prayer for rain that is said as the new year starts .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The US Senate today narrowly voted in favour of Barack Obama 's estimated $ 838bn -LRB- £ 577bn -RRB- spending bill that will determine how fast the US escapes its worst slump since the 1930s .	The US Senate today narrowly voted in favour of Barack Obama 's estimated $ 838bn -LRB- £ 577bn -RRB- spending bill that will determine how fast the US escapes its worst slump before the 1930s .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Net income for the company 's fiscal first quarter that ended July 31 , fell to $ 445 million , or 40 cents a share , from $ 723 million , or 64 cents a share , a year earlier .	Net income for the company 's fiscal first quarter that ended July 31 , fell to $ 445 million , or 40 cents a share , from $ 723 million , or 64 cents a share , a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ms Steel , a 35-year-old casualty nurse , will sit just feet away from her former husband at the 19th century courthouse in the harbour town of Chania .	Ms Steel , a 35-year-old casualty nurse , will sit just feet away from her former husband after the 19th century courthouse in the harbour town of Chania .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Afghanistan , United States Department of State , ... A decade later , Shabazz 's son still suffers from short-term memory loss . ''	Afghanistan , United States Department of State , ... A decade time , Shabazz 's son still suffers from short-term memory loss . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The case began on Monday , when word broke that Gates , 58 , had been arrested five days earlier at the two-story home he rents from Harvard .	The case began on Monday , when word broke that Gates , 58 , had been arrested five days time at the two-story home he rents from Harvard .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr. Koons himself owns a red one that has been on view since 2006 in a fountain in front of 7 World Trade Center in New York .	Mr. Koons himself owns a red one that has been on view since 2008 in a fountain in front of 7 World Trade Center in New York .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr. Koons himself owns a red one that has been on view since 2006 in a fountain in front of 7 World Trade Center in New York .	Mr. Koons himself owns a red one that has been on view before 2006 in a fountain in front of 7 World Trade Center in New York .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	LONDON - China plans to execute a British man convicted of drug smuggling before the end of the year , officials said Monday , ignoring a personal appeal from Prime Minister Gordon Brown to spare the man 's life .	LONDON - China plans to execute a British man convicted of drug smuggling at the end of the year , officials said Monday , ignoring a personal appeal from Prime Minister Gordon Brown to spare the man 's life .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Online sales , whose growth has dramatically slowed since September , will also experience slowing growth .	Online sales , whose growth has dramatically slowed since november , will also experience slowing growth .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Online sales , whose growth has dramatically slowed since September , will also experience slowing growth .	Online sales , whose growth has dramatically slowed before September , will also experience slowing growth .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Twenty-four days later , in the Florida Derby , Big Brown led every step of the way as his jockey , Kent Desormeaux , sat atop him like a leisure rider during a five-length victory .	Twenty-four days time , in the Florida Derby , Big Brown led every step of the way as his jockey , Kent Desormeaux , sat atop him like a leisure rider during a five-length victory .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	If we start at 5 : 30 in the morning and end after 10 p.m. at night , I 'll let our schedule speak for itself , '' Harris said .	If we start at 5 : 30 in the morning and end after 11 p.m. at night , I 'll let our schedule speak for itself , '' Harris said .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	If we start at 5 : 30 in the morning and end after 10 p.m. at night , I 'll let our schedule speak for itself , '' Harris said .	If we start at 5 : 30 in the morning and end after 9 p.m. at night , I 'll let our schedule speak for itself , '' Harris said .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	If we start at 5 : 30 in the morning and end after 10 p.m. at night , I 'll let our schedule speak for itself , '' Harris said .	If we start at 5 : 30 in the morning and end at 10 p.m. at night , I 'll let our schedule speak for itself , '' Harris said .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	We 're tired of this mistrust and this questioning of our commitment and of our sincerity , '' Ali said , adding that 2,000 Pakistani soldiers have been killed fighting the Taliban since 2001 .	We 're tired of this mistrust and this questioning of our commitment and of our sincerity , '' Ali said , adding that 2,000 Pakistani soldiers have been killed fighting the Taliban since 2003 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	We 're tired of this mistrust and this questioning of our commitment and of our sincerity , '' Ali said , adding that 2,000 Pakistani soldiers have been killed fighting the Taliban since 2001 .	We 're tired of this mistrust and this questioning of our commitment and of our sincerity , '' Ali said , adding that 2,000 Pakistani soldiers have been killed fighting the Taliban before 2001 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Toscafund is up 47 per cent since the start of the year .	The Toscafund is up 47 per cent before the start of the year .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - The number of newly laid off workers filing claims for unemployment benefits shot up by the largest amount since early February , a far bigger increase than had been expected .	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - The number of newly laid off workers filing claims for unemployment benefits shot up by the largest amount since early april , a far bigger increase than had been expected .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - The number of newly laid off workers filing claims for unemployment benefits shot up by the largest amount since early February , a far bigger increase than had been expected .	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - The number of newly laid off workers filing claims for unemployment benefits shot up by the largest amount before early February , a far bigger increase than had been expected .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Hasselbaink has starred in an FA Cup final when his Chelsea lost 2-0 to Arsenal at The Millennium Stadium in 2002 .	Hasselbaink has starred in an FA Cup final when his Chelsea lost 2-0 to Arsenal before The Millennium Stadium in 2003 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hasselbaink has starred in an FA Cup final when his Chelsea lost 2-0 to Arsenal at The Millennium Stadium in 2002 .	Hasselbaink has starred in an FA Cup final when his Chelsea lost 2-0 to Arsenal after The Millennium Stadium in 2002 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hours later , the consultants still couldn ' t get over the way Clinton won the rhetorical jujitsu against Russert , as they viewed it : with a steady gaze , a non-shrill tone , her left hand drawing an invisible line not to be crossed .	Hours time , the consultants still couldn ' t get over the way Clinton won the rhetorical jujitsu against Russert , as they viewed it : with a steady gaze , a non-shrill tone , her left hand drawing an invisible line not to be crossed .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Oswalt is 5-1 since June 29 and the Astros have nine wins in Oswalt 's last 11 starts .	Oswalt is 5-1 since august 29 and the Astros have nine wins in Oswalt 's last 11 starts .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Oswalt is 5-1 since June 29 and the Astros have nine wins in Oswalt 's last 11 starts .	Oswalt is 5-1 before June 29 and the Astros have nine wins in Oswalt 's last 11 starts .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Militant separatist groups have been fighting Indian forces since 1989 to end Indian rule .	Militant separatist groups have been fighting Indian forces since 1991 to end Indian rule .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Militant separatist groups have been fighting Indian forces since 1989 to end Indian rule .	Militant separatist groups have been fighting Indian forces before 1989 to end Indian rule .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The figure was up from 846 billion dollars , or 7.9 percent of assets , a year earlier , the report said .	The figure was up from 846 billion dollars , or 7.9 percent of assets , a year time , the report said .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It also came days before Obama is expected to unveil his vice presidential pick ahead of the Democratic convention next week , to be followed by McCain 's running mate selection and the Republican convention between September 1 and 4 .	It also came days before Obama is expected to unveil his vice presidential pick ahead of the Democratic convention next week , to be followed by McCain 's running mate selection and the Republican convention between august 1 and 4 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	It also came days before Obama is expected to unveil his vice presidential pick ahead of the Democratic convention next week , to be followed by McCain 's running mate selection and the Republican convention between September 1 and 4 .	It also came days before Obama is expected to unveil his vice presidential pick ahead of the Democratic convention next week , to be followed by McCain 's running mate selection and the Republican convention between october 1 and 4 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The town once notorious for the gun battles between British soldiers and the Taleban is now the focus of an intensive bombing campaign by the insurgents before this week 's elections in Afghanistan .	The town once notorious for the gun battles between British soldiers and the Taleban is now the focus of an intensive bombing campaign by the insurgents at this week 's elections in Afghanistan .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr McMenemy 's wife urged the kidnappers to show compassion at Christmas .	Mr McMenemy 's wife urged the kidnappers to show compassion after Christmas .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Dow Jones Industrial Average slid 733.08 points -LRB- 7.87 percent -RRB- to close at 8,577.91 in the worst one-day point loss since last month 's record 777-point decline and the steepest percentage drop since 1987 .	The Dow Jones Industrial Average slid 733.08 points -LRB- 7.87 percent -RRB- to close at 8,577.91 in the worst one-day point loss before last month 's record 777-point decline and the steepest percentage drop since 1987 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	17 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- Taliban militants who overran a northwestern Pakistani military outpost Thursday abandoned it hours later , an army spokesman said .	17 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- Taliban militants who overran a northwestern Pakistani military outpost Thursday abandoned it hours time , an army spokesman said .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It must be a relief that the ice extent has paused in its recovery since 2007 , but still hard to spin a ' death spiral ' out of these figures .	It must be a relief that the ice extent has paused in its recovery since 2009 , but still hard to spin a ' death spiral ' out of these figures .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It must be a relief that the ice extent has paused in its recovery since 2007 , but still hard to spin a ' death spiral ' out of these figures .	It must be a relief that the ice extent has paused in its recovery before 2007 , but still hard to spin a ' death spiral ' out of these figures .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few minutes later , when Gordon Brown got out of his car to be met by Merkel , the two of them laughed at the spectacle of Berlusconi , still on his phone , strolling back and forth on the river bank .	A few minutes time , when Gordon Brown got out of his car to be met by Merkel , the two of them laughed at the spectacle of Berlusconi , still on his phone , strolling back and forth on the river bank .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Officers are appealing for information about the incident , which happened on the A539 between Erbistock and the outskirts of Wrexham just before 1930 GMT on Thursday .	Officers are appealing for information about the incident , which happened on the A539 between Erbistock and the outskirts of Wrexham just before 1929 GMT on Thursday .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Officers are appealing for information about the incident , which happened on the A539 between Erbistock and the outskirts of Wrexham just before 1930 GMT on Thursday .	Officers are appealing for information about the incident , which happened on the A539 between Erbistock and the outskirts of Wrexham just before 1931 GMT on Thursday .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Officers are appealing for information about the incident , which happened on the A539 between Erbistock and the outskirts of Wrexham just before 1930 GMT on Thursday .	Officers are appealing for information about the incident , which happened on the A539 between Erbistock and the outskirts of Wrexham just at 1930 GMT on Thursday .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Residential mortgages increased $ 7.4 million or 2.2 % during the quarter , and totaled $ 346.7 million at June 30 , 2009 .	Residential mortgages increased $ 7.4 million or 2.2 % during the quarter , and totaled $ 346.7 million before july 30 , 2009 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Residential mortgages increased $ 7.4 million or 2.2 % during the quarter , and totaled $ 346.7 million at June 30 , 2009 .	Residential mortgages increased $ 7.4 million or 2.2 % during the quarter , and totaled $ 346.7 million after June 30 , 2009 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Carlos Pena added three RBIs for the Rays , who are 21-9 since April 22 , and improved to a franchise best nine games over .500 at 29-20 .	Carlos Pena added three RBIs for the Rays , who are 21-9 since April 22 , and improved to a franchise best nine games over .500 after 29-20 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The fallout came swiftly after Wednesday statement that Dubai 's main development engine , Dubai World , would ask creditors for a '' standstill '' on paying back its $ 60 billion debt until at least May .	The fallout came swiftly at Wednesday statement that Dubai 's main development engine , Dubai World , would ask creditors for a '' standstill '' on paying back its $ 60 billion debt until at least May .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The trailing 12-month speculative default rate has continued to climb since the crisis , reaching 9.77 per cent at the end of November .	The trailing 12-month speculative default rate has continued to climb since the crisis , reaching 9.77 per cent before the end of december .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The trailing 12-month speculative default rate has continued to climb since the crisis , reaching 9.77 per cent at the end of November .	The trailing 12-month speculative default rate has continued to climb since the crisis , reaching 9.77 per cent after the end of November .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He '' prayed awfully hard '' to be dropped from testifying at last Wednesday 's hearing .	He '' prayed awfully hard '' to be dropped from testifying after last Wednesday 's hearing .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	More than a year later , Afghans continue to list government corruption as one of their biggest problems , and officials said the judicial graft that the 2008 commission targeted remains one of the key problems the new body will have to tackle .	More than a year time , Afghans continue to list government corruption as one of their biggest problems , and officials said the judicial graft that the 2008 commission targeted remains one of the key problems the new body will have to tackle .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The NCAA cleared Newton to play shortly before the SEC title game , and with the Tigers confident -- at least for now -- they won ' t have to give back the BCS 's crystal ball trophy if they win it , the most notable controversy this week has been the debate over whether Auburn defensive lineman Nick Fairley is a cheap-shot artist . ''	The NCAA cleared Newton to play shortly at the SEC title game , and with the Tigers confident -- at least for now -- they won ' t have to give back the BCS 's crystal ball trophy if they win it , the most notable controversy this week has been the debate over whether Auburn defensive lineman Nick Fairley is a cheap-shot artist . ''	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Officers seized Carlos Gomes Junior early on Thursday , before releasing him hours later .	Officers seized Carlos Gomes Junior early on Thursday , before releasing him hours time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In total , at least six major intrusions -- two of them using the same group of IP addresses originating from China -- have been detected at the World Bank since the summer of 2007 , with the most recent breach occurring just last month .	In total , at least six major intrusions -- two of them using the same group of IP addresses originating from China -- have been detected at the World Bank since the winter of 2007 , with the most recent breach occurring just last month .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In total , at least six major intrusions -- two of them using the same group of IP addresses originating from China -- have been detected at the World Bank since the summer of 2007 , with the most recent breach occurring just last month .	In total , at least six major intrusions -- two of them using the same group of IP addresses originating from China -- have been detected at the World Bank before the summer of 2007 , with the most recent breach occurring just last month .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Minnesota is 2-23 since Feb .	Minnesota is 2-23 before Feb .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	On solemn occasions , such as Maundy Thursday , a single large bell might be used before the hour of absolution .	On solemn occasions , such as Maundy Thursday , a single large bell might be used at the hour of absolution .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A 6-4 , 6-2 defeat by Svetlana Kuznetsova in the final of the French Open -LRB- where Safina had lost only five games in her first four matches -RRB- represented some sort of improvement , but a month later she took just one game off Venus Williams in the semi-finals at Wimbledon .	A 6-4 , 6-2 defeat by Svetlana Kuznetsova in the final of the French Open -LRB- where Safina had lost only five games in her first four matches -RRB- represented some sort of improvement , but a month time she took just one game off Venus Williams in the semi-finals at Wimbledon .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Targeting Greenpeace has been taboo in France since 1985 , when French agents bombed Rainbow Warrior , the environmental group 's ship , killing a photographer on board .	Targeting Greenpeace has been taboo in France since 1987 , when French agents bombed Rainbow Warrior , the environmental group 's ship , killing a photographer on board .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Targeting Greenpeace has been taboo in France since 1985 , when French agents bombed Rainbow Warrior , the environmental group 's ship , killing a photographer on board .	Targeting Greenpeace has been taboo in France before 1985 , when French agents bombed Rainbow Warrior , the environmental group 's ship , killing a photographer on board .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And they say they expect the dirty tricks to get dirtier in final hours before Tuesday .	And they say they expect the dirty tricks to get dirtier in final hours at Tuesday .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Wheat prices have halved since spring . ''	Wheat prices have halved since autumn . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Wheat prices have halved since spring . ''	Wheat prices have halved before spring . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The market suffered three straight days of losses last week and the S & P put in its biggest weekly drop since early July , with data on Friday showing new orders for long-lasting U.S. manufactured goods falling by their biggest margin in seven months .	The market suffered three straight days of losses last week and the S & P put in its biggest weekly drop since early september , with data on Friday showing new orders for long-lasting U.S. manufactured goods falling by their biggest margin in seven months .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The market suffered three straight days of losses last week and the S & P put in its biggest weekly drop since early July , with data on Friday showing new orders for long-lasting U.S. manufactured goods falling by their biggest margin in seven months .	The market suffered three straight days of losses last week and the S & P put in its biggest weekly drop before early July , with data on Friday showing new orders for long-lasting U.S. manufactured goods falling by their biggest margin in seven months .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	patients with atrial fibrillation , before the end of 2008 .	patients with atrial fibrillation , before the end of 2007 .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	patients with atrial fibrillation , before the end of 2008 .	patients with atrial fibrillation , before the end of 2009 .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	patients with atrial fibrillation , before the end of 2008 .	patients with atrial fibrillation , at the end of 2008 .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr. Nardelli was hired three days later , and now Mr. Press is on board , to some dealers ' relief .	Mr. Nardelli was hired three days time , and now Mr. Press is on board , to some dealers ' relief .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	CIUDAD JUÁREZ , Mexico - Hooded gunmen believed to be engaged in a drug feud burst into a bar in northern Mexico and shot 11 people dead in the third drug-related massacre in the state of Chihuahua since July , officials said Friday . ''	CIUDAD JUÁREZ , Mexico - Hooded gunmen believed to be engaged in a drug feud burst into a bar in northern Mexico and shot 11 people dead in the third drug-related massacre in the state of Chihuahua since september , officials said Friday . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	CIUDAD JUÁREZ , Mexico - Hooded gunmen believed to be engaged in a drug feud burst into a bar in northern Mexico and shot 11 people dead in the third drug-related massacre in the state of Chihuahua since July , officials said Friday . ''	CIUDAD JUÁREZ , Mexico - Hooded gunmen believed to be engaged in a drug feud burst into a bar in northern Mexico and shot 11 people dead in the third drug-related massacre in the state of Chihuahua before July , officials said Friday . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Hoping to qualify for the quarter-finals for the first time since 2004 .	Hoping to qualify for the quarter-finals for the first time since 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hoping to qualify for the quarter-finals for the first time since 2004 .	Hoping to qualify for the quarter-finals for the first time before 2004 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Three days earlier , gunmen shot and killed Said Tahlil Ahmed , the director of independent HornAfrik Radio in Mogadishu , in a brazen attack in broad daylight .	Three days time , gunmen shot and killed Said Tahlil Ahmed , the director of independent HornAfrik Radio in Mogadishu , in a brazen attack in broad daylight .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The first emergency call came after 11 p.m. .	The first emergency call came after 12 p.m. .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The first emergency call came after 11 p.m. .	The first emergency call came after 10 p.m. .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The first emergency call came after 11 p.m. .	The first emergency call came at 11 p.m. .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Markit iTraxx Europe index closed at its tightest level since late September -LRB- roll effects granted - series 10 is trading at 135bp , its tightest level since early November -RRB- . ''	The Markit iTraxx Europe index closed at its tightest level since late november -LRB- roll effects granted - series 10 is trading at 135bp , its tightest level since early November -RRB- . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Markit iTraxx Europe index closed at its tightest level since late September -LRB- roll effects granted - series 10 is trading at 135bp , its tightest level since early November -RRB- . ''	The Markit iTraxx Europe index closed at its tightest level before late September -LRB- roll effects granted - series 10 is trading at 135bp , its tightest level since early November -RRB- . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Her body was discovered five days later -- what was to be her wedding day -- stuffed into a utility compartment behind a wall in the basement of the research building where she and Clark worked .	Her body was discovered five days time -- what was to be her wedding day -- stuffed into a utility compartment behind a wall in the basement of the research building where she and Clark worked .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The majority of those surveyed between February 5 and 6 , however , continue to say a recession will be avoided .	The majority of those surveyed between january 5 and 6 , however , continue to say a recession will be avoided .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The majority of those surveyed between February 5 and 6 , however , continue to say a recession will be avoided .	The majority of those surveyed between march 5 and 6 , however , continue to say a recession will be avoided .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Twenty-five years later , Jordan remains a committed admirer of Italian football , but the only goal which will get him off his seat this evening is one which all but knocks the Azzurri out of the European Championship .	Twenty-five years time , Jordan remains a committed admirer of Italian football , but the only goal which will get him off his seat this evening is one which all but knocks the Azzurri out of the European Championship .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ramirez arrived about five hours before Thursday night 's game against the Houston Astros .	Ramirez arrived about five hours at Thursday night 's game against the Houston Astros .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Security forces closed landlocked Niger 's borders for 24 hours from midnight on Monday while voting , which is due to end at 1800 GMT , went ahead . ''	Security forces closed landlocked Niger 's borders for 24 hours from midnight on Monday while voting , which is due to end before 1801 GMT , went ahead . ''	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Security forces closed landlocked Niger 's borders for 24 hours from midnight on Monday while voting , which is due to end at 1800 GMT , went ahead . ''	Security forces closed landlocked Niger 's borders for 24 hours from midnight on Monday while voting , which is due to end after 1800 GMT , went ahead . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Ethiopians left at the start of 2009 but the conflict lived on between the Islamists and President Sharif Sheikh Ahmed 's troops who control little more than a few streets of the battle-scarred capital .	Ethiopians left before the start of 2010 but the conflict lived on between the Islamists and President Sharif Sheikh Ahmed 's troops who control little more than a few streets of the battle-scarred capital .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ethiopians left at the start of 2009 but the conflict lived on between the Islamists and President Sharif Sheikh Ahmed 's troops who control little more than a few streets of the battle-scarred capital .	Ethiopians left after the start of 2009 but the conflict lived on between the Islamists and President Sharif Sheikh Ahmed 's troops who control little more than a few streets of the battle-scarred capital .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	As of Thursday 's count , he was 1,170 votes out of second place behind T-Mobile executive Joe Mallahan and Sierra Club activist Mike McGinn , and he 's lost ground as mail-in ballots have been counted since Tuesday 's primary .	As of Thursday 's count , he was 1,170 votes out of second place behind T-Mobile executive Joe Mallahan and Sierra Club activist Mike McGinn , and he 's lost ground as mail-in ballots have been counted before Tuesday 's primary .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few months later , Boris paid the fines and moved permanently to Switzerland .	A few months time , Boris paid the fines and moved permanently to Switzerland .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Now , more than 60 years later , India has once again outwitted Sir Winston Churchill . ''	Now , more than 60 years time , India has once again outwitted Sir Winston Churchill . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It allowed politicians including Zardari and his wife , ex-prime minister Benazir Bhutto , who was killed two months later -- to stand for office .	It allowed politicians including Zardari and his wife , ex-prime minister Benazir Bhutto , who was killed two months time -- to stand for office .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	More than two dozen home builders have sought bankruptcy protection since June 2007 , including billionaire Carl Icahn 's WCI Communities Inc .	More than two dozen home builders have sought bankruptcy protection since august 2007 , including billionaire Carl Icahn 's WCI Communities Inc .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	More than two dozen home builders have sought bankruptcy protection since June 2007 , including billionaire Carl Icahn 's WCI Communities Inc .	More than two dozen home builders have sought bankruptcy protection before June 2007 , including billionaire Carl Icahn 's WCI Communities Inc .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Sterling said its Icelandic owner Palmi Haraldsson had injected 444.5 million Danish crowns -LRB- $ 74.6 million -RRB- into the firm , which has struggled with high fuel bills and expansion costs , between July and September 2008 .	Sterling said its Icelandic owner Palmi Haraldsson had injected 444.5 million Danish crowns -LRB- $ 74.6 million -RRB- into the firm , which has struggled with high fuel bills and expansion costs , between june and September 2008 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Sterling said its Icelandic owner Palmi Haraldsson had injected 444.5 million Danish crowns -LRB- $ 74.6 million -RRB- into the firm , which has struggled with high fuel bills and expansion costs , between July and September 2008 .	Sterling said its Icelandic owner Palmi Haraldsson had injected 444.5 million Danish crowns -LRB- $ 74.6 million -RRB- into the firm , which has struggled with high fuel bills and expansion costs , between august and September 2008 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Their spree since March 2009 has driven today 's share prices of property-owning REITs to 15 percent above the net asset value of the land and buildings the REITs hold . ''	Their spree since may 2009 has driven today 's share prices of property-owning REITs to 15 percent above the net asset value of the land and buildings the REITs hold . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Their spree since March 2009 has driven today 's share prices of property-owning REITs to 15 percent above the net asset value of the land and buildings the REITs hold . ''	Their spree before March 2009 has driven today 's share prices of property-owning REITs to 15 percent above the net asset value of the land and buildings the REITs hold . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	South African leaders , including President Jacob Zuma , have urged calm since Saturday 's killing , and police reacted quickly to separate the two groups when a white woman threw a bottle of water , a Reuters reporter at the scene said .	South African leaders , including President Jacob Zuma , have urged calm before Saturday 's killing , and police reacted quickly to separate the two groups when a white woman threw a bottle of water , a Reuters reporter at the scene said .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And he wants to see state legislators -- a third of whom are newly elected -- adopt his proposal well before next year 's budget deadline of July 1 .	And he wants to see state legislators -- a third of whom are newly elected -- adopt his proposal well at next year 's budget deadline of July 1 .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He is especially keeping his eye on Southwest Airlines , which he says hasn ' t had a systemwide sale since Memorial Day weekend and is ready for one .	He is especially keeping his eye on Southwest Airlines , which he says hasn ' t had a systemwide sale before Memorial Day weekend and is ready for one .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Michael Barone cites a series of Associated Press / Yahoo polls that tracked 2,000 voters between November 2007 and 2008 , and showed that '' 17 percent of those who ultimately voted for Obama said they were for McCain in at least one of the ten tracking polls , while 11 percent of eventual McCain voters said they backed Obama , '' at one point in the year .	Michael Barone cites a series of Associated Press / Yahoo polls that tracked 2,000 voters between october 2007 and 2008 , and showed that '' 17 percent of those who ultimately voted for Obama said they were for McCain in at least one of the ten tracking polls , while 11 percent of eventual McCain voters said they backed Obama , '' at one point in the year .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Michael Barone cites a series of Associated Press / Yahoo polls that tracked 2,000 voters between November 2007 and 2008 , and showed that '' 17 percent of those who ultimately voted for Obama said they were for McCain in at least one of the ten tracking polls , while 11 percent of eventual McCain voters said they backed Obama , '' at one point in the year .	Michael Barone cites a series of Associated Press / Yahoo polls that tracked 2,000 voters between december 2007 and 2008 , and showed that '' 17 percent of those who ultimately voted for Obama said they were for McCain in at least one of the ten tracking polls , while 11 percent of eventual McCain voters said they backed Obama , '' at one point in the year .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Scotland 's coach will have pored over the weaknesses as England 's latest attempt at a first Grand Slam since 2003 went west last weekend with a 20-16 defeat to Ireland .	Scotland 's coach will have pored over the weaknesses as England 's latest attempt at a first Grand Slam since 2005 went west last weekend with a 20-16 defeat to Ireland .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Scotland 's coach will have pored over the weaknesses as England 's latest attempt at a first Grand Slam since 2003 went west last weekend with a 20-16 defeat to Ireland .	Scotland 's coach will have pored over the weaknesses as England 's latest attempt at a first Grand Slam before 2003 went west last weekend with a 20-16 defeat to Ireland .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Revenue fell to $ 172.5 million from $ 184.1 million a year earlier .	Revenue fell to $ 172.5 million from $ 184.1 million a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Read and revel in our list of 100 and have your say at the foot of the page on who else should be there - and which players might join them after next year 's tour to South Africa .	Read and revel in our list of 100 and have your say at the foot of the page on who else should be there - and which players might join them at next year 's tour to South Africa .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A year later , Ms. Brown walked back in .	A year time , Ms. Brown walked back in .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Although investigators determined that lab equipment used for DNA extraction and amplification equipment were part of his artwork and that his wife , Hope Kurtz , died of natural causes , he was indicted a month later on charges that carried a maximum of 20 years in prison .	Although investigators determined that lab equipment used for DNA extraction and amplification equipment were part of his artwork and that his wife , Hope Kurtz , died of natural causes , he was indicted a month time on charges that carried a maximum of 20 years in prison .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Then he learned that manufacturers had known of the potential danger from the valve-and-cylinder combination since 1990 .	Then he learned that manufacturers had known of the potential danger from the valve-and-cylinder combination since 1992 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Then he learned that manufacturers had known of the potential danger from the valve-and-cylinder combination since 1990 .	Then he learned that manufacturers had known of the potential danger from the valve-and-cylinder combination before 1990 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A fourth ex-Bath player , Justin Harrison , was banned for eight months earlier last month after admitting three similar drug-related charges , including taking cocaine , in a separate RFU hearing .	A fourth ex-Bath player , Justin Harrison , was banned for eight months time last month after admitting three similar drug-related charges , including taking cocaine , in a separate RFU hearing .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	There were 62 reported attacks on drivers in Northampton between 1 January and 31 December , last year .	There were 62 reported attacks on drivers in Northampton between 0 January and 31 December , last year .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	There were 62 reported attacks on drivers in Northampton between 1 January and 31 December , last year .	There were 62 reported attacks on drivers in Northampton between 2 January and 31 December , last year .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But one of the most accurate indicators is how football 's Washington Redskins fare in the team 's final home game before Election Day .	But one of the most accurate indicators is how football 's Washington Redskins fare in the team 's final home game at Election Day .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hours after last week 's attack , Bhutto claimed elements in the government were trying to kill her , saying they were remnants of the regime of former military leader Gen. Zia-ul Haq , whose government ordered her father 's execution .	Hours at last week 's attack , Bhutto claimed elements in the government were trying to kill her , saying they were remnants of the regime of former military leader Gen. Zia-ul Haq , whose government ordered her father 's execution .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The overhaul of Microsoft 's phone technology , a year later than expected , comes as it hemorrhages market share in the smartphone market , which many see as the key to the future of communication and media .	The overhaul of Microsoft 's phone technology , a year time than expected , comes as it hemorrhages market share in the smartphone market , which many see as the key to the future of communication and media .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The bloodshed in Lahore started just after 9 am when a gunman burst into the provincial headquarters of the Federal Investigation Agency , triggering a 90-minute gun battle that left six people dead .	The bloodshed in Lahore started just after 10 am when a gunman burst into the provincial headquarters of the Federal Investigation Agency , triggering a 90-minute gun battle that left six people dead .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The bloodshed in Lahore started just after 9 am when a gunman burst into the provincial headquarters of the Federal Investigation Agency , triggering a 90-minute gun battle that left six people dead .	The bloodshed in Lahore started just after 8 am when a gunman burst into the provincial headquarters of the Federal Investigation Agency , triggering a 90-minute gun battle that left six people dead .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The bloodshed in Lahore started just after 9 am when a gunman burst into the provincial headquarters of the Federal Investigation Agency , triggering a 90-minute gun battle that left six people dead .	The bloodshed in Lahore started just at 9 am when a gunman burst into the provincial headquarters of the Federal Investigation Agency , triggering a 90-minute gun battle that left six people dead .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Liddell , 51 , has been CFO at the world 's largest software company since May 2005 , after joining from paper and packaging maker International Paper Co -LRB- IP.N -RRB- , where he was also CFO .	Liddell , 51 , has been CFO at the world 's largest software company since july 2005 , after joining from paper and packaging maker International Paper Co -LRB- IP.N -RRB- , where he was also CFO .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Liddell , 51 , has been CFO at the world 's largest software company since May 2005 , after joining from paper and packaging maker International Paper Co -LRB- IP.N -RRB- , where he was also CFO .	Liddell , 51 , has been CFO at the world 's largest software company before May 2005 , after joining from paper and packaging maker International Paper Co -LRB- IP.N -RRB- , where he was also CFO .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	said the appointment is '' clear payback by the administration to organized labor , '' and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce noted that Becker is the first NLRB pick it has opposed since 1993 . ''	said the appointment is '' clear payback by the administration to organized labor , '' and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce noted that Becker is the first NLRB pick it has opposed since 1995 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	said the appointment is '' clear payback by the administration to organized labor , '' and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce noted that Becker is the first NLRB pick it has opposed since 1993 . ''	said the appointment is '' clear payback by the administration to organized labor , '' and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce noted that Becker is the first NLRB pick it has opposed before 1993 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Similarly , these banks are unlikely to offer the very cheap two-year fixed and tracker deals that were abundant at the start of 2007 .	Similarly , these banks are unlikely to offer the very cheap two-year fixed and tracker deals that were abundant before the start of 2008 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Similarly , these banks are unlikely to offer the very cheap two-year fixed and tracker deals that were abundant at the start of 2007 .	Similarly , these banks are unlikely to offer the very cheap two-year fixed and tracker deals that were abundant after the start of 2007 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Jake Johnson , 19 , suffered fatal injuries after falling 30ft -LRB- 9m -RRB- at about 2300 GMT on Christmas Day .	Jake Johnson , 19 , suffered fatal injuries after falling 30ft -LRB- 9m -RRB- before about 2301 GMT on Christmas Day .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Jake Johnson , 19 , suffered fatal injuries after falling 30ft -LRB- 9m -RRB- at about 2300 GMT on Christmas Day .	Jake Johnson , 19 , suffered fatal injuries after falling 30ft -LRB- 9m -RRB- after about 2300 GMT on Christmas Day .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Human Rights Watch urged the United States to dismantle a trade embargo it has imposed on Cuba since 1962 .	Human Rights Watch urged the United States to dismantle a trade embargo it has imposed on Cuba since 1964 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Human Rights Watch urged the United States to dismantle a trade embargo it has imposed on Cuba since 1962 .	Human Rights Watch urged the United States to dismantle a trade embargo it has imposed on Cuba before 1962 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Other notable events at this year 's SIEW include the Singapore Energy Lecture featuring award-winning author Daniel Yergin , the Clean Energy Expo Asia , and the Singapore Electricity Roundtable .	Other notable events after this year 's SIEW include the Singapore Energy Lecture featuring award-winning author Daniel Yergin , the Clean Energy Expo Asia , and the Singapore Electricity Roundtable .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I didn ' t play very good at the beginning of the year but I got confidence in the Fed Cup , '' said Szavay .	I didn ' t play very good after the beginning of the year but I got confidence in the Fed Cup , '' said Szavay .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The two men and a women , have not been seen since Thursday , when they set off from their Iraq hotel to hike in the mountainous borderlands .	The two men and a women , have not been seen before Thursday , when they set off from their Iraq hotel to hike in the mountainous borderlands .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The resulting balance of + 8 % was the highest recorded by the business group 's distributive trades survey since December 2007 .	The resulting balance of + 8 % was the highest recorded by the business group 's distributive trades survey since february 2007 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The resulting balance of + 8 % was the highest recorded by the business group 's distributive trades survey since December 2007 .	The resulting balance of + 8 % was the highest recorded by the business group 's distributive trades survey before December 2007 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	As Rooney picked up a minor knee injury at the weekend , Ferguson was unsure whether the 24-year-old would be available for the final Three Lions game before Fabio Capello picks his provisional squad in May .	As Rooney picked up a minor knee injury after the weekend , Ferguson was unsure whether the 24-year-old would be available for the final Three Lions game before Fabio Capello picks his provisional squad in May .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Massimo Cialente , the Mayor of L ` Aquila , said that the hostel had been restructured three times by ten building companies between 2003 and 2005 because of its instability .	Massimo Cialente , the Mayor of L ` Aquila , said that the hostel had been restructured three times by ten building companies between 2002 and 2005 because of its instability .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Massimo Cialente , the Mayor of L ` Aquila , said that the hostel had been restructured three times by ten building companies between 2003 and 2005 because of its instability .	Massimo Cialente , the Mayor of L ` Aquila , said that the hostel had been restructured three times by ten building companies between 2004 and 2005 because of its instability .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The federal agency that guarantees corporate pensions was $ 33.5 billion in the red at the end of March , triple its deficit six months earlier , the agency 's head told a Senate committee yesterday .	The federal agency that guarantees corporate pensions was $ 33.5 billion in the red before the end of april , triple its deficit six months earlier , the agency 's head told a Senate committee yesterday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The federal agency that guarantees corporate pensions was $ 33.5 billion in the red at the end of March , triple its deficit six months earlier , the agency 's head told a Senate committee yesterday .	The federal agency that guarantees corporate pensions was $ 33.5 billion in the red after the end of March , triple its deficit six months earlier , the agency 's head told a Senate committee yesterday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Interest rates have fallen to 8.75 per cent -- the first time in decades that Brazil has had single-digit nominal interest rates -- and since 2008 the country 's bonds have secured an investment - grade rating .	Interest rates have fallen to 8.75 per cent -- the first time in decades that Brazil has had single-digit nominal interest rates -- and since 2010 the country 's bonds have secured an investment - grade rating .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Interest rates have fallen to 8.75 per cent -- the first time in decades that Brazil has had single-digit nominal interest rates -- and since 2008 the country 's bonds have secured an investment - grade rating .	Interest rates have fallen to 8.75 per cent -- the first time in decades that Brazil has had single-digit nominal interest rates -- and before 2008 the country 's bonds have secured an investment - grade rating .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	, who has lent more than $ 186,000 on the site since January 2007 , says one reason for those jitters is the high default rates on the site .	, who has lent more than $ 186,000 on the site since march 2007 , says one reason for those jitters is the high default rates on the site .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	, who has lent more than $ 186,000 on the site since January 2007 , says one reason for those jitters is the high default rates on the site .	, who has lent more than $ 186,000 on the site before January 2007 , says one reason for those jitters is the high default rates on the site .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr Aitken resigned as Chief Secretary to the Treasury two years earlier so he could sue the Guardian over allegations that a Saudi businessman had paid for him to stay at the Paris Ritz in breach of ministerial rules .	Mr Aitken resigned as Chief Secretary to the Treasury two years time so he could sue the Guardian over allegations that a Saudi businessman had paid for him to stay at the Paris Ritz in breach of ministerial rules .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The department 's statistics show that about 23,000 people have been treated in hospital after trying to kill themselves since 2001 .	The department 's statistics show that about 23,000 people have been treated in hospital after trying to kill themselves since 2003 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The department 's statistics show that about 23,000 people have been treated in hospital after trying to kill themselves since 2001 .	The department 's statistics show that about 23,000 people have been treated in hospital after trying to kill themselves before 2001 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Minutes later the formerly majestic Rio Ferdinand erred , letting in Yakubu , whose prod Van der Sar did wonderfully well to touch against a post .	Minutes time the formerly majestic Rio Ferdinand erred , letting in Yakubu , whose prod Van der Sar did wonderfully well to touch against a post .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Opponents of the Burmese junta , which has ruled since 1962 , said Yettaw 's stunt had been exploited to keep Aung San Suu Kyi out of the public eye during multi-party elections .	Opponents of the Burmese junta , which has ruled since 1964 , said Yettaw 's stunt had been exploited to keep Aung San Suu Kyi out of the public eye during multi-party elections .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Opponents of the Burmese junta , which has ruled since 1962 , said Yettaw 's stunt had been exploited to keep Aung San Suu Kyi out of the public eye during multi-party elections .	Opponents of the Burmese junta , which has ruled before 1962 , said Yettaw 's stunt had been exploited to keep Aung San Suu Kyi out of the public eye during multi-party elections .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The blaze in Maple Way , Hooley was reported to Surrey Fire and Rescue Service just after 0800 GMT .	The blaze in Maple Way , Hooley was reported to Surrey Fire and Rescue Service just after 801 GMT .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The blaze in Maple Way , Hooley was reported to Surrey Fire and Rescue Service just after 0800 GMT .	The blaze in Maple Way , Hooley was reported to Surrey Fire and Rescue Service just after 799 GMT .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The blaze in Maple Way , Hooley was reported to Surrey Fire and Rescue Service just after 0800 GMT .	The blaze in Maple Way , Hooley was reported to Surrey Fire and Rescue Service just at 0800 GMT .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Produce a bill , and senators can go home at the end of next week reporting some progress .	Produce a bill , and senators can go home after the end of next week reporting some progress .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr Turver and Ms Banks cut the number of observations from once every half hour to once an hour , failed to look in on the patient after 2030 hours and failed to make sure he was looked at by other members of staff , the panel was told .	Mr Turver and Ms Banks cut the number of observations from once every half hour to once an hour , failed to look in on the patient after 2031 hours and failed to make sure he was looked at by other members of staff , the panel was told .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Mr Turver and Ms Banks cut the number of observations from once every half hour to once an hour , failed to look in on the patient after 2030 hours and failed to make sure he was looked at by other members of staff , the panel was told .	Mr Turver and Ms Banks cut the number of observations from once every half hour to once an hour , failed to look in on the patient after 2029 hours and failed to make sure he was looked at by other members of staff , the panel was told .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr Turver and Ms Banks cut the number of observations from once every half hour to once an hour , failed to look in on the patient after 2030 hours and failed to make sure he was looked at by other members of staff , the panel was told .	Mr Turver and Ms Banks cut the number of observations from once every half hour to once an hour , failed to look in on the patient at 2030 hours and failed to make sure he was looked at by other members of staff , the panel was told .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A Save BBC 6 Music group on Facebook has nearly 200,000 members , and the BBC has received more than 8,500 complaints about the closure , due at the end of next year .	A Save BBC 6 Music group on Facebook has nearly 200,000 members , and the BBC has received more than 8,500 complaints about the closure , due after the end of next year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	One of those fans , Anthony Furfari , has been a season-ticket holder since 1989-90 , the Chiefs ' second season in this down-on-its-luck city 60 miles east of Pittsburgh .	One of those fans , Anthony Furfari , has been a season-ticket holder before 1989-90 , the Chiefs ' second season in this down-on-its-luck city 60 miles east of Pittsburgh .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	NML Capital , an offshoot of a hedge fund in the United States , argues that Argentina can afford a paper offer of twice as much because the country 's economy has rebounded since 2005 .	NML Capital , an offshoot of a hedge fund in the United States , argues that Argentina can afford a paper offer of twice as much because the country 's economy has rebounded since 2007 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	NML Capital , an offshoot of a hedge fund in the United States , argues that Argentina can afford a paper offer of twice as much because the country 's economy has rebounded since 2005 .	NML Capital , an offshoot of a hedge fund in the United States , argues that Argentina can afford a paper offer of twice as much because the country 's economy has rebounded before 2005 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Almost 17,000 North Koreans , fleeing hunger or repression in the hardline communist state , have arrived in the South since the end of the 1950-53 war .	Almost 17,000 North Koreans , fleeing hunger or repression in the hardline communist state , have arrived in the South before the end of the 1950-53 war .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The force 's marine unit pulled his body from the water at about 1050 GMT .	The force 's marine unit pulled his body from the water before about 1051 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The force 's marine unit pulled his body from the water at about 1050 GMT .	The force 's marine unit pulled his body from the water after about 1050 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The No. 2 U.S. automaker said sales fell to 99,400 vehicles last month , from 192,799 units a year earlier .	The No. 2 U.S. automaker said sales fell to 99,400 vehicles last month , from 192,799 units a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	South Africa open Welsh rugby 's autumn internationals at The Millennium Stadium on November 8 and will be followed by the mighty All Blacks in Cardiff on November and Australia on November 29 .	South Africa open Welsh rugby 's autumn internationals before The Millennium Stadium on december 8 and will be followed by the mighty All Blacks in Cardiff on November and Australia on November 29 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	South Africa open Welsh rugby 's autumn internationals at The Millennium Stadium on November 8 and will be followed by the mighty All Blacks in Cardiff on November and Australia on November 29 .	South Africa open Welsh rugby 's autumn internationals after The Millennium Stadium on November 8 and will be followed by the mighty All Blacks in Cardiff on November and Australia on November 29 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	After selling 10,000 birds in the three days leading up to Thanksgiving , the Rischers have to reload to sell 2,000 more before Christmas .	After selling 10,000 birds in the three days leading up to Thanksgiving , the Rischers have to reload to sell 2,000 more at Christmas .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But Benni McCarthy struck 10 minutes later to set up a tense climax that was completed when Samba , the Congo defender , fired his remarkable late winner .	But Benni McCarthy struck 10 minutes time to set up a tense climax that was completed when Samba , the Congo defender , fired his remarkable late winner .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	According to ChinaAid , the police officer that took Gao into custody recently told Gao 's brother , Gao Zhiyi , that the lawyer has been '' missing '' since September 25 .	According to ChinaAid , the police officer that took Gao into custody recently told Gao 's brother , Gao Zhiyi , that the lawyer has been '' missing '' since november 25 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	According to ChinaAid , the police officer that took Gao into custody recently told Gao 's brother , Gao Zhiyi , that the lawyer has been '' missing '' since September 25 .	According to ChinaAid , the police officer that took Gao into custody recently told Gao 's brother , Gao Zhiyi , that the lawyer has been '' missing '' before September 25 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Hornets trailed by six after the first quarter , but exploded for 36 points in the second quarter against the NBA 's top defensive team .	The Hornets trailed by six at the first quarter , but exploded for 36 points in the second quarter against the NBA 's top defensive team .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nearly four months later , on July 9 , she gave birth to a female cub , Baylie -LRB- BAY-lee -RRB- .	Nearly four months time , on July 9 , she gave birth to a female cub , Baylie -LRB- BAY-lee -RRB- .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	, Culver City ; 8 p.m. today-Saturday and April 2-3 ; 7 and 9 : 30 p.m. Fourteen rare elephants in the Democratic Republic of Congo 's Virunga National Park have been killed since mid-April , a conservation group says .	, Culver City ; 8 p.m. today-Saturday and April 2-3 ; 7 and 9 : 30 p.m. Fourteen rare elephants in the Democratic Republic of Congo 's Virunga National Park have been killed before mid-April , a conservation group says .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Even married men , they go hide and they do their stuff , and at the end of the day they go back with their wives .	Even married men , they go hide and they do their stuff , and after the end of the day they go back with their wives .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A day later , I ran .	A day time , I ran .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Winner of the Gold Star -- Hotel award at this October 's National Tourism Awards for Wales , the von Essen hotel group recently acquired the hotel , but left husband and wife management team , Joan and Rob Reen , to run the property .	Winner of the Gold Star -- Hotel award before this november 's National Tourism Awards for Wales , the von Essen hotel group recently acquired the hotel , but left husband and wife management team , Joan and Rob Reen , to run the property .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Winner of the Gold Star -- Hotel award at this October 's National Tourism Awards for Wales , the von Essen hotel group recently acquired the hotel , but left husband and wife management team , Joan and Rob Reen , to run the property .	Winner of the Gold Star -- Hotel award after this October 's National Tourism Awards for Wales , the von Essen hotel group recently acquired the hotel , but left husband and wife management team , Joan and Rob Reen , to run the property .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But three months later they were still looking , and by then the price was considerably lower .	But three months time they were still looking , and by then the price was considerably lower .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He accused the ruling Zanu-PF party of vote fraud , saying that police had told opposition leaders that the ruling party had been tampering with ballots since early last week .	He accused the ruling Zanu-PF party of vote fraud , saying that police had told opposition leaders that the ruling party had been tampering with ballots before early last week .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In an affidavit filed with the provincial Supreme Court , the RCMP alleges since 1976 , Blackmore had nine child brides , four of whom were 15 , the report said .	In an affidavit filed with the provincial Supreme Court , the RCMP alleges since 1978 , Blackmore had nine child brides , four of whom were 15 , the report said .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In an affidavit filed with the provincial Supreme Court , the RCMP alleges since 1976 , Blackmore had nine child brides , four of whom were 15 , the report said .	In an affidavit filed with the provincial Supreme Court , the RCMP alleges before 1976 , Blackmore had nine child brides , four of whom were 15 , the report said .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The problem is that at present we are not even remotely there ; developing multimedia software that can intelligently teach subjects that pertain to the humanities , for instance , is very expensive if one wants anything more than talking heads .	The problem is that after present we are not even remotely there ; developing multimedia software that can intelligently teach subjects that pertain to the humanities , for instance , is very expensive if one wants anything more than talking heads .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The chances of that being in north London decreased further when his Spanish replacement made a match-winning penalty save against Tottenham at the weekend , and Lehmann has now set himself a deadline .	The chances of that being in north London decreased further when his Spanish replacement made a match-winning penalty save against Tottenham after the weekend , and Lehmann has now set himself a deadline .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It writes of tributes to 18-year-old Megan Nash who died in a crash between Crossgar and Killyleagh at the weekend .	It writes of tributes to 18-year-old Megan Nash who died in a crash between Crossgar and Killyleagh after the weekend .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	China , which won its first Summer Olympic gold medal in 1984 , clinched first place in the gold medal standings long before the final hours of sporting competition came to a close .	China , which won its first Summer Olympic gold medal in 1984 , clinched first place in the gold medal standings long at the final hours of sporting competition came to a close .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	About a year later , the fistula emerged , according to the Independent .	About a year time , the fistula emerged , according to the Independent .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Defender Ricardo Carvalho was sent off for a two-footed tackle on Agbonlahor 10 minutes earlier and both he and Cole now face suspension .	Defender Ricardo Carvalho was sent off for a two-footed tackle on Agbonlahor 10 minutes time and both he and Cole now face suspension .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Orange County 's promotion of alternative voting methods mirrors a nationwide trend , with millions turning out before Nov .	Orange County 's promotion of alternative voting methods mirrors a nationwide trend , with millions turning out at Nov .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ms Wright , who is in her fourth year at the university , said : '' I had no idea Sir Sean had rung until someone told me a couple of days later that the porter had taken the call .	Ms Wright , who is in her fourth year at the university , said : '' I had no idea Sir Sean had rung until someone told me a couple of days time that the porter had taken the call .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Meanwhile , tournament organisers here are still waiting to hear whether world number two Federer will play here after last week 's historic French Open success .	Meanwhile , tournament organisers here are still waiting to hear whether world number two Federer will play here at last week 's historic French Open success .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Flyers -LRB- 5-1 -RRB- have won the first three games of a four-game homestand and are on their first four-game winning streak since March 2006 .	The Flyers -LRB- 5-1 -RRB- have won the first three games of a four-game homestand and are on their first four-game winning streak since may 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Flyers -LRB- 5-1 -RRB- have won the first three games of a four-game homestand and are on their first four-game winning streak since March 2006 .	The Flyers -LRB- 5-1 -RRB- have won the first three games of a four-game homestand and are on their first four-game winning streak before March 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Seven minutes later , the button was pressed for the giant roof to be closed .	Seven minutes time , the button was pressed for the giant roof to be closed .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The trigger point is not public , but this ratio rose to 3.95 at the end of 2008 from 3.4 in 2007 .	The trigger point is not public , but this ratio rose to 3.95 before the end of 2009 from 3.4 in 2007 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The trigger point is not public , but this ratio rose to 3.95 at the end of 2008 from 3.4 in 2007 .	The trigger point is not public , but this ratio rose to 3.95 after the end of 2008 from 3.4 in 2007 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Russia responded by sending a massive force of tanks , troops , warplanes and naval vessels , before agreeing to a six-point ceasefire agreement brokered by France five days later .	Russia responded by sending a massive force of tanks , troops , warplanes and naval vessels , before agreeing to a six-point ceasefire agreement brokered by France five days time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Pre-election jitters are beginning to affect homebuyers , according to estate agents , who reported a fall in sales last month and the slowest price growth since July 2009 .	Pre-election jitters are beginning to affect homebuyers , according to estate agents , who reported a fall in sales last month and the slowest price growth since september 2009 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Pre-election jitters are beginning to affect homebuyers , according to estate agents , who reported a fall in sales last month and the slowest price growth since July 2009 .	Pre-election jitters are beginning to affect homebuyers , according to estate agents , who reported a fall in sales last month and the slowest price growth before July 2009 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Third Division match between Albion Rovers and Forfar , postponed at the weekend due to traffic congestion , will now go ahead next Tuesday -LRB- 7.45 pm -RRB- .	The Third Division match between Albion Rovers and Forfar , postponed after the weekend due to traffic congestion , will now go ahead next Tuesday -LRB- 7.45 pm -RRB- .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A year later , she was elected to the Arizona House of Representatives .	A year time , she was elected to the Arizona House of Representatives .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The town 's Rocori Middle School and the St Boniface elementary school which shares some facilities have been closed since late Tuesday .	The town 's Rocori Middle School and the St Boniface elementary school which shares some facilities have been closed before late Tuesday .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He contends he was packed off to Morocco where he was worked over by interrogators before being locked up at Guantanamo Bay two years later .	He contends he was packed off to Morocco where he was worked over by interrogators before being locked up at Guantanamo Bay two years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Equality California , a group that works for gay rights , said on its Web site that Ashburn '' has consistently received a zero percent '' on its legislative scorecards since 2004 , with the exception of 2007 , when he scored 10 percent .	Equality California , a group that works for gay rights , said on its Web site that Ashburn '' has consistently received a zero percent '' on its legislative scorecards since 2006 , with the exception of 2007 , when he scored 10 percent .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Equality California , a group that works for gay rights , said on its Web site that Ashburn '' has consistently received a zero percent '' on its legislative scorecards since 2004 , with the exception of 2007 , when he scored 10 percent .	Equality California , a group that works for gay rights , said on its Web site that Ashburn '' has consistently received a zero percent '' on its legislative scorecards before 2004 , with the exception of 2007 , when he scored 10 percent .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Temperatures overnight dropped to as low as 7F -LRB- -14 C -RRB- in some areas - the lowest since 1995 - and the cold is forecast to be more widespread tonight , with even city centres such as Birmingham and Bristol set to experience 21F -LRB- -6 C -RRB- and London 26F -LRB- -3 C -RRB- by dawn tomorrow .	Temperatures overnight dropped to as low as 7F -LRB- -14 C -RRB- in some areas - the lowest since 1997 - and the cold is forecast to be more widespread tonight , with even city centres such as Birmingham and Bristol set to experience 21F -LRB- -6 C -RRB- and London 26F -LRB- -3 C -RRB- by dawn tomorrow .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Temperatures overnight dropped to as low as 7F -LRB- -14 C -RRB- in some areas - the lowest since 1995 - and the cold is forecast to be more widespread tonight , with even city centres such as Birmingham and Bristol set to experience 21F -LRB- -6 C -RRB- and London 26F -LRB- -3 C -RRB- by dawn tomorrow .	Temperatures overnight dropped to as low as 7F -LRB- -14 C -RRB- in some areas - the lowest before 1995 - and the cold is forecast to be more widespread tonight , with even city centres such as Birmingham and Bristol set to experience 21F -LRB- -6 C -RRB- and London 26F -LRB- -3 C -RRB- by dawn tomorrow .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Key members of Mr Aso 's cabinet said that Aug 30 has been set as the date for the election and that the lower house of the Diet will be dissolved before the end of July for campaigning to begin .	Key members of Mr Aso 's cabinet said that Aug 30 has been set as the date for the election and that the lower house of the Diet will be dissolved before the end of june for campaigning to begin .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Key members of Mr Aso 's cabinet said that Aug 30 has been set as the date for the election and that the lower house of the Diet will be dissolved before the end of July for campaigning to begin .	Key members of Mr Aso 's cabinet said that Aug 30 has been set as the date for the election and that the lower house of the Diet will be dissolved before the end of august for campaigning to begin .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Key members of Mr Aso 's cabinet said that Aug 30 has been set as the date for the election and that the lower house of the Diet will be dissolved before the end of July for campaigning to begin .	Key members of Mr Aso 's cabinet said that Aug 30 has been set as the date for the election and that the lower house of the Diet will be dissolved at the end of July for campaigning to begin .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Orders for Siemens 's continuing businesses were 16 % higher at the end of June than a year earlier .	Orders for Siemens 's continuing businesses were 16 % higher before the end of july than a year earlier .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Orders for Siemens 's continuing businesses were 16 % higher at the end of June than a year earlier .	Orders for Siemens 's continuing businesses were 16 % higher after the end of June than a year earlier .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nadal complained of a right leg injury at the start of the week .	Nadal complained of a right leg injury after the start of the week .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	They entered the shop in Trench Road at about 1600 GMT on Saturday and demanded the contents of the till .	They entered the shop in Trench Road before about 1601 GMT on Saturday and demanded the contents of the till .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They entered the shop in Trench Road at about 1600 GMT on Saturday and demanded the contents of the till .	They entered the shop in Trench Road after about 1600 GMT on Saturday and demanded the contents of the till .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He said that Mr Lee visited Britain while helping out at a trade exhibition and gave a statement saying that he was not the driver and had not seen the Joneses since 1999 .	He said that Mr Lee visited Britain while helping out at a trade exhibition and gave a statement saying that he was not the driver and had not seen the Joneses since 2001 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He said that Mr Lee visited Britain while helping out at a trade exhibition and gave a statement saying that he was not the driver and had not seen the Joneses since 1999 .	He said that Mr Lee visited Britain while helping out at a trade exhibition and gave a statement saying that he was not the driver and had not seen the Joneses before 1999 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A three year-deal , however , would mean SAG 's contract would expire a year later than the labor contracts of the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists , and the writers and directors guilds .	A three year-deal , however , would mean SAG 's contract would expire a year time than the labor contracts of the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists , and the writers and directors guilds .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The virus has killed 243 people since 2003 .	The virus has killed 243 people since 2005 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The virus has killed 243 people since 2003 .	The virus has killed 243 people before 2003 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	While Lohan appeared to be a healthy size at the recent Nokia X6 launch party , just days later at Paris Fashion Week , she showed up looking shockingly gaunt .	While Lohan appeared to be a healthy size at the recent Nokia X6 launch party , just days time at Paris Fashion Week , she showed up looking shockingly gaunt .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Despite being in the LPGA spotlight since she was 12 , and winning the Women 's Amateur Publinx a year later , she is winless since earning her tour card last year .	Despite being in the LPGA spotlight since she was 12 , and winning the Women 's Amateur Publinx a year time , she is winless since earning her tour card last year .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But the Heat 's longest losing streak since late 2001 continued .	But the Heat 's longest losing streak since late 2003 continued .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But the Heat 's longest losing streak since late 2001 continued .	But the Heat 's longest losing streak before late 2001 continued .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Shares of financial firms soared on the New York Stock Exchange , particularly companies that investors had fled a day earlier .	Shares of financial firms soared on the New York Stock Exchange , particularly companies that investors had fled a day time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But in the waning hours before Christmas , the nation 's retailers got their wish -- a last-minute surge of shopping that helped meet their modest sales goals , according to data released late Monday by research firm ShopperTrak RCT Corp. .	But in the waning hours at Christmas , the nation 's retailers got their wish -- a last-minute surge of shopping that helped meet their modest sales goals , according to data released late Monday by research firm ShopperTrak RCT Corp. .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Anita DeFrantz , one of two International Olympic Committee members from the U.S. said she was still in shock at Friday 's IOC vote which awarded the Games to Rio de Janeiro while Chicago finished fourth and last on just 18 votes - despite speeches in Copenhagen by Obama and first lady Michelle Obama .	Anita DeFrantz , one of two International Olympic Committee members from the U.S. said she was still in shock after Friday 's IOC vote which awarded the Games to Rio de Janeiro while Chicago finished fourth and last on just 18 votes - despite speeches in Copenhagen by Obama and first lady Michelle Obama .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 29-year-old right-hander has pitched in a Major League Baseball game since July 4 , when he started against Toronto and went 5 1 / 3 innings .	The 29-year-old right-hander has pitched in a Major League Baseball game since september 4 , when he started against Toronto and went 5 1 / 3 innings .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The 29-year-old right-hander has pitched in a Major League Baseball game since July 4 , when he started against Toronto and went 5 1 / 3 innings .	The 29-year-old right-hander has pitched in a Major League Baseball game before July 4 , when he started against Toronto and went 5 1 / 3 innings .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	So let 's make sure , for example , that if you go to a hospital , you get one of those operations that you discussed , and it turns out that two weeks later you 've got to be readmitted because they didn ' t do it right the first time , that the hospital has to pay some penalty for that , or at least they 're not being reimbursed as much as a hospital who gets it right the first time .	So let 's make sure , for example , that if you go to a hospital , you get one of those operations that you discussed , and it turns out that two weeks time you 've got to be readmitted because they didn ' t do it right the first time , that the hospital has to pay some penalty for that , or at least they 're not being reimbursed as much as a hospital who gets it right the first time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two months later , it banned U.N. night patrols and expelled Western peacekeepers -- and recently it started restricting fuel supplies .	Two months time , it banned U.N. night patrols and expelled Western peacekeepers -- and recently it started restricting fuel supplies .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	This week 's reported findings : Smoking deaths are down 17 percent since 2002 , public transit in the city is dangerously noisy , and most bikers in one stretch of Brooklyn stay in their bike lanes .	This week 's reported findings : Smoking deaths are down 17 percent since 2004 , public transit in the city is dangerously noisy , and most bikers in one stretch of Brooklyn stay in their bike lanes .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This week 's reported findings : Smoking deaths are down 17 percent since 2002 , public transit in the city is dangerously noisy , and most bikers in one stretch of Brooklyn stay in their bike lanes .	This week 's reported findings : Smoking deaths are down 17 percent before 2002 , public transit in the city is dangerously noisy , and most bikers in one stretch of Brooklyn stay in their bike lanes .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Last Thursday , Ms Chakrabarti told BBC Radio 4 's PM that Mr Davis had rung her after Wednesday night 's Commons vote on the 42 day terror limit . ''	Last Thursday , Ms Chakrabarti told BBC Radio 4 's PM that Mr Davis had rung her at Wednesday night 's Commons vote on the 42 day terror limit . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	California hasn ' t engaged in such a major reworking of its political and bureaucratic machinery in more than a century , since 1878 .	California hasn ' t engaged in such a major reworking of its political and bureaucratic machinery in more than a century , since 1880 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	California hasn ' t engaged in such a major reworking of its political and bureaucratic machinery in more than a century , since 1878 .	California hasn ' t engaged in such a major reworking of its political and bureaucratic machinery in more than a century , before 1878 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Dirk Nowitzki had 20 points and 12 rebounds , and and Jason Kidd added 15 points for Dallas , which hadn ' t lost since Feb .	Dirk Nowitzki had 20 points and 12 rebounds , and and Jason Kidd added 15 points for Dallas , which hadn ' t lost before Feb .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Considering how many MPs look set to '' retire '' after next year 's General Election , it really is jolly decent of them to scrap plans to take even more money from taxpayers to gild their gold-plated pensions .	Considering how many MPs look set to '' retire '' at next year 's General Election , it really is jolly decent of them to scrap plans to take even more money from taxpayers to gild their gold-plated pensions .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But in the medium term , the economy will begin to recover -- and the GOP 's position will become much more perilous than is acknowledged at present .	But in the medium term , the economy will begin to recover -- and the GOP 's position will become much more perilous than is acknowledged after present .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Size : 929.2 billion yuan -LRB- £ 64billion -RRB- at December 2006 .	Size : 929.2 billion yuan -LRB- £ 64billion -RRB- before january 2006 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Size : 929.2 billion yuan -LRB- £ 64billion -RRB- at December 2006 .	Size : 929.2 billion yuan -LRB- £ 64billion -RRB- after December 2006 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A month earlier Ajmal Mohammad received an indefinite sentence at Preston Crown Court for raping a drunken teenager in a Blackpool hotel room .	A month time Ajmal Mohammad received an indefinite sentence at Preston Crown Court for raping a drunken teenager in a Blackpool hotel room .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	How it plays out depends on what voters learn about Mrs. Palin , 44 , in the two months before Election Day Nov .	How it plays out depends on what voters learn about Mrs. Palin , 44 , in the two months at Election Day Nov .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In particular , the following factors , among others could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the '' forward looking statements '' : -LRB- a -RRB- delays in the software product launch and other strategic initiatives that we expect to complete before the end of this year ; -LRB- b -RRB- possible delays in , or the inability to complete , negotiation and execution of purchase and service agreements with new or existing customers , particularly the large domestic and international multi-year software maintenance agreements up for renewal at the end of 2009 ; -LRB- c -RRB- negative impact from changes in exchange rates of foreign currencies in which we transact business relative to the U.S. dollar ; -LRB- d -RRB- the inability to effectively integrate the hired employees and tools and resources from the large managed services agreement or to achieve expected revenues and profitability therefrom ; -LRB- e -RRB- the inability of the Company to realize the benefits of its revenue and cost initiatives due to unforeseen delays , changes in its markets or other factors , and the risk that these initiatives will not promote revenue growth or restore profitability in the timeframe anticipated by the Company ; -LRB- f -RRB- inability of the Company to recognize all or a portion of its backlog as expected ; -LRB- g -RRB- the risk that our previous cost-cutting initiatives may have impaired , or that our current and future initiatives may impair , the Company 's ability to effectively develop and market products and remain competitive in the telecom market ; -LRB- h -RRB- inability of the management team to implement the strategic repositioning of the Company to focus on its service assurance offerings in the telecom markets ; -LRB- i -RRB- inability to complete or possible delays in completing certain research and development efforts required for new products and solutions and delays in market acceptance of our new network acceptance solutions beyond the timeframes anticipated or at all ; -LRB- j -RRB- general economic uncertainty and its impact on the capital budgets for certain of our major customers ; -LRB- k -RRB- the inability to make changes in business strategy , development plans and product offerings to respond to the needs of the significantly changing telecommunications markets and network technologies ; -LRB- l -RRB- our dependence upon a limited number of third party subcontractors and component suppliers to manufacture or supply certain aspects of the products we sell ; -LRB- m -RRB- the ability to manage the risks associated with and to grow our business ; -LRB- n -RRB- the uncertain economic and political climate in certain parts of the world where we conduct business and the potential that such climate may deteriorate ; and -LRB- o -RRB- our ability to efficiently integrate acquired businesses and achieve expected synergies .	In particular , the following factors , among others could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the '' forward looking statements '' : -LRB- a -RRB- delays in the software product launch and other strategic initiatives that we expect to complete at the end of this year ; -LRB- b -RRB- possible delays in , or the inability to complete , negotiation and execution of purchase and service agreements with new or existing customers , particularly the large domestic and international multi-year software maintenance agreements up for renewal at the end of 2009 ; -LRB- c -RRB- negative impact from changes in exchange rates of foreign currencies in which we transact business relative to the U.S. dollar ; -LRB- d -RRB- the inability to effectively integrate the hired employees and tools and resources from the large managed services agreement or to achieve expected revenues and profitability therefrom ; -LRB- e -RRB- the inability of the Company to realize the benefits of its revenue and cost initiatives due to unforeseen delays , changes in its markets or other factors , and the risk that these initiatives will not promote revenue growth or restore profitability in the timeframe anticipated by the Company ; -LRB- f -RRB- inability of the Company to recognize all or a portion of its backlog as expected ; -LRB- g -RRB- the risk that our previous cost-cutting initiatives may have impaired , or that our current and future initiatives may impair , the Company 's ability to effectively develop and market products and remain competitive in the telecom market ; -LRB- h -RRB- inability of the management team to implement the strategic repositioning of the Company to focus on its service assurance offerings in the telecom markets ; -LRB- i -RRB- inability to complete or possible delays in completing certain research and development efforts required for new products and solutions and delays in market acceptance of our new network acceptance solutions beyond the timeframes anticipated or at all ; -LRB- j -RRB- general economic uncertainty and its impact on the capital budgets for certain of our major customers ; -LRB- k -RRB- the inability to make changes in business strategy , development plans and product offerings to respond to the needs of the significantly changing telecommunications markets and network technologies ; -LRB- l -RRB- our dependence upon a limited number of third party subcontractors and component suppliers to manufacture or supply certain aspects of the products we sell ; -LRB- m -RRB- the ability to manage the risks associated with and to grow our business ; -LRB- n -RRB- the uncertain economic and political climate in certain parts of the world where we conduct business and the potential that such climate may deteriorate ; and -LRB- o -RRB- our ability to efficiently integrate acquired businesses and achieve expected synergies .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The train was seized at 0830 local time -LRB- 0300 GMT -RRB- as it passed through a remote part of the state .	The train was seized before 831 local time -LRB- 0300 GMT -RRB- as it passed through a remote part of the state .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The train was seized at 0830 local time -LRB- 0300 GMT -RRB- as it passed through a remote part of the state .	The train was seized after 0830 local time -LRB- 0300 GMT -RRB- as it passed through a remote part of the state .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A vague statement issued a few hours later said only that the two discussed security issues and Zardari 's forthcoming trip to the United States .	A vague statement issued a few hours time said only that the two discussed security issues and Zardari 's forthcoming trip to the United States .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	One longtime member of the Dow industrials , the General Motors Corporation , plunged to its lowest since 1974 .	One longtime member of the Dow industrials , the General Motors Corporation , plunged to its lowest since 1976 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	One longtime member of the Dow industrials , the General Motors Corporation , plunged to its lowest since 1974 .	One longtime member of the Dow industrials , the General Motors Corporation , plunged to its lowest before 1974 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The drive to deselect White was backed by an article in Militant accusing him of mistreating his workers ; two years later White , a lifelong member of the Transport and General Workers ' Union , was awarded four-figure libel damages .	The drive to deselect White was backed by an article in Militant accusing him of mistreating his workers ; two years time White , a lifelong member of the Transport and General Workers ' Union , was awarded four-figure libel damages .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It will go on sale in one Telekom shop in Cologne just after midnight on Friday morning and will then roll out across the country .	It will go on sale in one Telekom shop in Cologne just at midnight on Friday morning and will then roll out across the country .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The woman was crossing the junction of North Street and Strathmartine at about 1040 GMT when a man approached her and took her purse .	The woman was crossing the junction of North Street and Strathmartine before about 1041 GMT when a man approached her and took her purse .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The woman was crossing the junction of North Street and Strathmartine at about 1040 GMT when a man approached her and took her purse .	The woman was crossing the junction of North Street and Strathmartine after about 1040 GMT when a man approached her and took her purse .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The bulk of the money will be used to guarantee lending between banks - part of a plan agreed at the weekend by the 15 nations that use the euro .	The bulk of the money will be used to guarantee lending between banks - part of a plan agreed after the weekend by the 15 nations that use the euro .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She turned up a month later with a fantastic story about being kidnapped and taken to Mexico .	She turned up a month time with a fantastic story about being kidnapped and taken to Mexico .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Because the planning for Dallas ' arts district began roughly two decades later than that of Lincoln Center or the Music Center -- both very much products of imperious Late Modernism -- it has been marked from the beginning by an emphasis on pedestrian movement and street-level design .	Because the planning for Dallas ' arts district began roughly two decades time than that of Lincoln Center or the Music Center -- both very much products of imperious Late Modernism -- it has been marked from the beginning by an emphasis on pedestrian movement and street-level design .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Cash flows have declined by about 10 per cent since early 2008 and are expected to remain under stress for several quarters , resulting in a peak-to-trough decline of 20 per cent .	Cash flows have declined by about 10 per cent since early 2010 and are expected to remain under stress for several quarters , resulting in a peak-to-trough decline of 20 per cent .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Cash flows have declined by about 10 per cent since early 2008 and are expected to remain under stress for several quarters , resulting in a peak-to-trough decline of 20 per cent .	Cash flows have declined by about 10 per cent before early 2008 and are expected to remain under stress for several quarters , resulting in a peak-to-trough decline of 20 per cent .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two years later , Judge Brieant ruled that the Bedford Central School District , in Westchester , had violated students ' First Amendment right to religious freedom by allowing schools to engage in activities like having third graders make likenesses of the Hindu god Ganesha .	Two years time , Judge Brieant ruled that the Bedford Central School District , in Westchester , had violated students ' First Amendment right to religious freedom by allowing schools to engage in activities like having third graders make likenesses of the Hindu god Ganesha .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	ISLAMABAD , Pakistan -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Pakistan 's Supreme Court ruled that the country can hold its presidential election Saturday but may only declare the winner after the court reconvenes 11 days later to decide whether President Gen. Pervez Musharraf , the expected victor , was eligible to run .	ISLAMABAD , Pakistan -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Pakistan 's Supreme Court ruled that the country can hold its presidential election Saturday but may only declare the winner after the court reconvenes 11 days time to decide whether President Gen. Pervez Musharraf , the expected victor , was eligible to run .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The cost of borrowing dollars between banks over three months , or dollar London interbank offered rates , on Tuesday rose for the first time since March 26 .	The cost of borrowing dollars between banks over three months , or dollar London interbank offered rates , on Tuesday rose for the first time since may 26 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The cost of borrowing dollars between banks over three months , or dollar London interbank offered rates , on Tuesday rose for the first time since March 26 .	The cost of borrowing dollars between banks over three months , or dollar London interbank offered rates , on Tuesday rose for the first time before March 26 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The '' No More Geordie Cash for Ashley '' campaign , established by the influential true faith and The Mag fanzines , has already had an effect : at 11 am yesterday , there were no customers in the club 's flagship stadium superstore .	The '' No More Geordie Cash for Ashley '' campaign , established by the influential true faith and The Mag fanzines , has already had an effect : before 12 am yesterday , there were no customers in the club 's flagship stadium superstore .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The '' No More Geordie Cash for Ashley '' campaign , established by the influential true faith and The Mag fanzines , has already had an effect : at 11 am yesterday , there were no customers in the club 's flagship stadium superstore .	The '' No More Geordie Cash for Ashley '' campaign , established by the influential true faith and The Mag fanzines , has already had an effect : after 11 am yesterday , there were no customers in the club 's flagship stadium superstore .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A raft of new books on the fall of the Berlin Wall venture back to the most tumultuous year in world politics since the end of the Second World War , trying to reconstruct exactly what happened and why .	A raft of new books on the fall of the Berlin Wall venture back to the most tumultuous year in world politics before the end of the Second World War , trying to reconstruct exactly what happened and why .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Camara mounted a new coup on Conte 's death on December 23 , 2008 , but was shot and seriously wounded by his aide de camp less than a year later .	Camara mounted a new coup on Conte 's death on December 23 , 2008 , but was shot and seriously wounded by his aide de camp less than a year time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It came down at about 1200 GMT at Langley Hill Farm near Winchcombe .	It came down before about 1201 GMT at Langley Hill Farm near Winchcombe .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It came down at about 1200 GMT at Langley Hill Farm near Winchcombe .	It came down after about 1200 GMT at Langley Hill Farm near Winchcombe .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	More than 20,000 people are known to have been executed there between August 1937 and October 1938 alone .	More than 20,000 people are known to have been executed there between july 1937 and October 1938 alone .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	More than 20,000 people are known to have been executed there between August 1937 and October 1938 alone .	More than 20,000 people are known to have been executed there between september 1937 and October 1938 alone .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A year later , it 's clear to everyone who wants to see the real situation in Kosovo that it 's not a state , '' Tadic said .	A year time , it 's clear to everyone who wants to see the real situation in Kosovo that it 's not a state , '' Tadic said .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The account has not been used since 1992 .	The account has not been used since 1994 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The account has not been used since 1992 .	The account has not been used before 1992 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Every now and then , Hall says , forget the laundry and other tasks , go to bed half an hour earlier , and make sex the priority .	Every now and then , Hall says , forget the laundry and other tasks , go to bed half an hour time , and make sex the priority .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The themed weeks include West End Wonder -LRB- where they 'll write , choreograph and produce their own show -RRB- , Rock Star -LRB- where a pro will help them form a band and put on a gig at the end of the week -RRB- and Strictly Come Cool Dancing -LRB- style from jive to street -RRB- .	The themed weeks include West End Wonder -LRB- where they 'll write , choreograph and produce their own show -RRB- , Rock Star -LRB- where a pro will help them form a band and put on a gig after the end of the week -RRB- and Strictly Come Cool Dancing -LRB- style from jive to street -RRB- .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON - The White House on Tuesday instructed every federal agency to publish before the end of January at least three collections of '' high value '' government data on the Internet that never have been previously disclosed , an ambitious order to make the administration as transparent as President Barack Obama had promised it would be .	WASHINGTON - The White House on Tuesday instructed every federal agency to publish before the end of december at least three collections of '' high value '' government data on the Internet that never have been previously disclosed , an ambitious order to make the administration as transparent as President Barack Obama had promised it would be .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON - The White House on Tuesday instructed every federal agency to publish before the end of January at least three collections of '' high value '' government data on the Internet that never have been previously disclosed , an ambitious order to make the administration as transparent as President Barack Obama had promised it would be .	WASHINGTON - The White House on Tuesday instructed every federal agency to publish before the end of february at least three collections of '' high value '' government data on the Internet that never have been previously disclosed , an ambitious order to make the administration as transparent as President Barack Obama had promised it would be .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON - The White House on Tuesday instructed every federal agency to publish before the end of January at least three collections of '' high value '' government data on the Internet that never have been previously disclosed , an ambitious order to make the administration as transparent as President Barack Obama had promised it would be .	WASHINGTON - The White House on Tuesday instructed every federal agency to publish at the end of January at least three collections of '' high value '' government data on the Internet that never have been previously disclosed , an ambitious order to make the administration as transparent as President Barack Obama had promised it would be .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The woman , who can not be named for legal reasons , had invited Kashmiri to her house for tea after he had helped her when she fell from a bus a month earlier .	The woman , who can not be named for legal reasons , had invited Kashmiri to her house for tea after he had helped her when she fell from a bus a month time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	ABC News ' Sunlen Miller Reports : The Obamas will head to Camp David tomorrow for a little more R & R before summer 's end .	ABC News ' Sunlen Miller Reports : The Obamas will head to Camp David tomorrow for a little more R & R before spring 's end .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	ABC News ' Sunlen Miller Reports : The Obamas will head to Camp David tomorrow for a little more R & R before summer 's end .	ABC News ' Sunlen Miller Reports : The Obamas will head to Camp David tomorrow for a little more R & R before autumn 's end .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	ABC News ' Sunlen Miller Reports : The Obamas will head to Camp David tomorrow for a little more R & R before summer 's end .	ABC News ' Sunlen Miller Reports : The Obamas will head to Camp David tomorrow for a little more R & R at summer 's end .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	These many years later there is still a lot more progress to be made .	These many years time there is still a lot more progress to be made .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The victim was assaulted opposite The Station pub in Beverley Road at about 0220 GMT on Sunday .	The victim was assaulted opposite The Station pub in Beverley Road before about 221 GMT on Sunday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The victim was assaulted opposite The Station pub in Beverley Road at about 0220 GMT on Sunday .	The victim was assaulted opposite The Station pub in Beverley Road after about 0220 GMT on Sunday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Signallers and white-collar workers on the railways plan four days of disruption after Easter .	Signallers and white-collar workers on the railways plan four days of disruption at Easter .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Steven Gerrard is named for the Wembley matches , against Israel on September 8 , and Russia four days later , even though he is recovering from a broken toe , because McClaren is convinced he will be fit for both games .	Steven Gerrard is named for the Wembley matches , against Israel on September 8 , and Russia four days time , even though he is recovering from a broken toe , because McClaren is convinced he will be fit for both games .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In Fabio Capello 's first match in charge England were being held 1-1 by the Swiss but , after coming on as a substitute in the 57th minute , Shaun Wright-Phillips scored the winning goal five minutes later .	In Fabio Capello 's first match in charge England were being held 1-1 by the Swiss but , after coming on as a substitute in the 57th minute , Shaun Wright-Phillips scored the winning goal five minutes time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The latest row over MPs ' expenses broke out on Monday evening when all 645 MPs , plus those who have left since 2004 , began receiving letters from Legg about their expenses over the past five years .	The latest row over MPs ' expenses broke out on Monday evening when all 645 MPs , plus those who have left since 2006 , began receiving letters from Legg about their expenses over the past five years .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The latest row over MPs ' expenses broke out on Monday evening when all 645 MPs , plus those who have left since 2004 , began receiving letters from Legg about their expenses over the past five years .	The latest row over MPs ' expenses broke out on Monday evening when all 645 MPs , plus those who have left before 2004 , began receiving letters from Legg about their expenses over the past five years .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He ' is the actor Darren Le Gallo , her boyfriend since 2002 .	He ' is the actor Darren Le Gallo , her boyfriend since 2004 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He ' is the actor Darren Le Gallo , her boyfriend since 2002 .	He ' is the actor Darren Le Gallo , her boyfriend before 2002 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The new law also allows restaurants and other on premise establishments to serve alcohol on Sundays between the hours of 10 : 00 a.m. and 12 : 00 midnight -- an extension of up to four more hours .	The new law also allows restaurants and other on premise establishments to serve alcohol on Sundays between the hours of 9 : 00 a.m. and 12 : 00 midnight -- an extension of up to four more hours .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The new law also allows restaurants and other on premise establishments to serve alcohol on Sundays between the hours of 10 : 00 a.m. and 12 : 00 midnight -- an extension of up to four more hours .	The new law also allows restaurants and other on premise establishments to serve alcohol on Sundays between the hours of 11 : 00 a.m. and 12 : 00 midnight -- an extension of up to four more hours .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	DISH Network will host its First Quarter 2009 financial results conference call today at noon ET .	DISH Network will host its First Quarter 2009 financial results conference call today after noon ET .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In Koyiaki , one of the ranches next to the reserve , the number of huts increased from 44 to 2,345 between 1950 and 2003 .	In Koyiaki , one of the ranches next to the reserve , the number of huts increased from 44 to 2,345 between 1949 and 2003 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	In Koyiaki , one of the ranches next to the reserve , the number of huts increased from 44 to 2,345 between 1950 and 2003 .	In Koyiaki , one of the ranches next to the reserve , the number of huts increased from 44 to 2,345 between 1951 and 2003 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	As an additional highlight , the 2009.1 CityEngine release will be presented at this year 's FMX 09 conference -LRB- Stuttgart , May 5th - 8th -RRB- .	As an additional highlight , the 2009.1 CityEngine release will be presented after this year 's FMX 09 conference -LRB- Stuttgart , May 5th - 8th -RRB- .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	This campaign , the first time since 1928 that neither an incumbent president or vice-president will contest the general election , has also seen efforts by candidates to become either America 's first black president , female president , Mormon president , or in Rudy Giuliani , a thrice-married New York mayor turned president .	This campaign , the first time since 1930 that neither an incumbent president or vice-president will contest the general election , has also seen efforts by candidates to become either America 's first black president , female president , Mormon president , or in Rudy Giuliani , a thrice-married New York mayor turned president .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This campaign , the first time since 1928 that neither an incumbent president or vice-president will contest the general election , has also seen efforts by candidates to become either America 's first black president , female president , Mormon president , or in Rudy Giuliani , a thrice-married New York mayor turned president .	This campaign , the first time before 1928 that neither an incumbent president or vice-president will contest the general election , has also seen efforts by candidates to become either America 's first black president , female president , Mormon president , or in Rudy Giuliani , a thrice-married New York mayor turned president .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The talks , however , have not been held since October because of a dispute over whether Pyongyang kept its promise to declare all its nuclear programs by the end of December . ''	The talks , however , have not been held since december because of a dispute over whether Pyongyang kept its promise to declare all its nuclear programs by the end of December . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The talks , however , have not been held since October because of a dispute over whether Pyongyang kept its promise to declare all its nuclear programs by the end of December . ''	The talks , however , have not been held before October because of a dispute over whether Pyongyang kept its promise to declare all its nuclear programs by the end of December . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Excluding motor vehicles and parts , retail sales fell 0.4 percent last month , the sharpest drop since September 2006 , the Commerce Department said .	Excluding motor vehicles and parts , retail sales fell 0.4 percent last month , the sharpest drop since november 2006 , the Commerce Department said .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Excluding motor vehicles and parts , retail sales fell 0.4 percent last month , the sharpest drop since September 2006 , the Commerce Department said .	Excluding motor vehicles and parts , retail sales fell 0.4 percent last month , the sharpest drop before September 2006 , the Commerce Department said .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Looking at last year 's photos of Lindsay Lohan leisurely riding horseback at Utah 's Cirque lodge and a bald Britney Spears strolling the grounds of California 's Promises facility , it 's easy to assume that for celebrities , a stint in rehab is no more grueling than a trip to Starbucks or the nail salon .	Looking after last year 's photos of Lindsay Lohan leisurely riding horseback at Utah 's Cirque lodge and a bald Britney Spears strolling the grounds of California 's Promises facility , it 's easy to assume that for celebrities , a stint in rehab is no more grueling than a trip to Starbucks or the nail salon .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Homer was found three days later near a railway line with a wound stretching from his backbone to his stomach .	Homer was found three days time near a railway line with a wound stretching from his backbone to his stomach .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Kay Edwards , who has lived next door since 1994 , said she would often see family members walking their small dog through the quiet , leafy neighborhood .	Kay Edwards , who has lived next door since 1996 , said she would often see family members walking their small dog through the quiet , leafy neighborhood .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Kay Edwards , who has lived next door since 1994 , said she would often see family members walking their small dog through the quiet , leafy neighborhood .	Kay Edwards , who has lived next door before 1994 , said she would often see family members walking their small dog through the quiet , leafy neighborhood .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	From the latest announcements at this year 's WWDC , it appears that Apple will continue to be innovative and continue to develop quality products -LRB- even in Jobs ' absence -RRB- .	From the latest announcements after this year 's WWDC , it appears that Apple will continue to be innovative and continue to develop quality products -LRB- even in Jobs ' absence -RRB- .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Relations between the companies have been riven with tension since this spring over the perception within DreamWorks that Paramount and Viacom , its corporate parent , have not shown sufficient appreciation for their contribution .	Relations between the companies have been riven with tension since this autumn over the perception within DreamWorks that Paramount and Viacom , its corporate parent , have not shown sufficient appreciation for their contribution .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Relations between the companies have been riven with tension since this spring over the perception within DreamWorks that Paramount and Viacom , its corporate parent , have not shown sufficient appreciation for their contribution .	Relations between the companies have been riven with tension before this spring over the perception within DreamWorks that Paramount and Viacom , its corporate parent , have not shown sufficient appreciation for their contribution .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	One reason why we haven ' t valued Hackman properly is a slur that 's been flung at him since the ' 60s : character actor . ''	One reason why we haven ' t valued Hackman properly is a slur that 's been flung at him before the ' 60s : character actor . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The boy turned up two days later , and investigators suspected almost from the beginning that Giordano had been killed .	The boy turned up two days time , and investigators suspected almost from the beginning that Giordano had been killed .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Rich Thompson , a geologist at the University of Arizona , and his wife , a marine biologist at the school , were receiving rabies shots after Saturday 's attack .	Rich Thompson , a geologist at the University of Arizona , and his wife , a marine biologist at the school , were receiving rabies shots at Saturday 's attack .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In the ultra-leftist Cultural Revolution between 1966 and 1976 , Bibles were burnt as tomes of superstition .	In the ultra-leftist Cultural Revolution between 1965 and 1976 , Bibles were burnt as tomes of superstition .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	In the ultra-leftist Cultural Revolution between 1966 and 1976 , Bibles were burnt as tomes of superstition .	In the ultra-leftist Cultural Revolution between 1967 and 1976 , Bibles were burnt as tomes of superstition .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	American employers , excluding farms , cut 247,000 workers from their payrolls , the smallest monthly jobs loss since August 2008 .	American employers , excluding farms , cut 247,000 workers from their payrolls , the smallest monthly jobs loss since october 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	American employers , excluding farms , cut 247,000 workers from their payrolls , the smallest monthly jobs loss since August 2008 .	American employers , excluding farms , cut 247,000 workers from their payrolls , the smallest monthly jobs loss before August 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Unofficial results are expected before midnight local time -LRB- 1700 GMT -RRB- today in an election billed as a return to democracy after 15 months of military-backed government .	Unofficial results are expected at midnight local time -LRB- 1700 GMT -RRB- today in an election billed as a return to democracy after 15 months of military-backed government .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But he was sentenced at the end of July to just 50 hours of community service .	But he was sentenced before the end of august to just 50 hours of community service .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But he was sentenced at the end of July to just 50 hours of community service .	But he was sentenced after the end of July to just 50 hours of community service .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The latest deaths raise the number of people killed in violence since last month to 87 . ''	The latest deaths raise the number of people killed in violence before last month to 87 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Since last Autumn , the Bank Rate has been cut from 5 to 0.5 per cent , the lowest level in the Bank 's 315-year history , and £ 96bn of cash has been injected into the economy since March through the Bank 's policy of '' quantitative easing '' -LRB- colloquially called printing money -RRB- .	Since last Autumn , the Bank Rate has been cut from 5 to 0.5 per cent , the lowest level in the Bank 's 315-year history , and £ 96bn of cash has been injected into the economy since may through the Bank 's policy of '' quantitative easing '' -LRB- colloquially called printing money -RRB- .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Since last Autumn , the Bank Rate has been cut from 5 to 0.5 per cent , the lowest level in the Bank 's 315-year history , and £ 96bn of cash has been injected into the economy since March through the Bank 's policy of '' quantitative easing '' -LRB- colloquially called printing money -RRB- .	Since last Autumn , the Bank Rate has been cut from 5 to 0.5 per cent , the lowest level in the Bank 's 315-year history , and £ 96bn of cash has been injected into the economy before March through the Bank 's policy of '' quantitative easing '' -LRB- colloquially called printing money -RRB- .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	More than a year later on July 7 , 2005 , terrorists would stage bombings on the London transit system that killed 52 people and wounded hundreds more .	More than a year time on July 7 , 2005 , terrorists would stage bombings on the London transit system that killed 52 people and wounded hundreds more .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A replay review wiped out what initially was called as a three-shot foul at the first quarter horn , when Ginobili was called for blocking on Paul 's half-court heave .	A replay review wiped out what initially was called as a three-shot foul after the first quarter horn , when Ginobili was called for blocking on Paul 's half-court heave .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That , ahem , sounded great at the time , but a similar use of an LRAD three years later didn ' t stop a chemical tanker from being seized by more Somali pirates .	That , ahem , sounded great at the time , but a similar use of an LRAD three years time didn ' t stop a chemical tanker from being seized by more Somali pirates .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	CHICAGO -LRB- AP -RRB- - Boeing says Scott Carson will step down Tuesday as head of the company 's commercial airplane division and retire at the end of the year .	CHICAGO -LRB- AP -RRB- - Boeing says Scott Carson will step down Tuesday as head of the company 's commercial airplane division and retire after the end of the year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two days later the actor , who had played Phil Archer since the pilot episode of The Archers radio series 60 years ago , died .	Two days time the actor , who had played Phil Archer since the pilot episode of The Archers radio series 60 years ago , died .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Parisians moved their main airport twice between 1960 and 1980 and are now looking to build a bigger replacement elsewhere for Charles de Gaulle .	The Parisians moved their main airport twice between 1959 and 1980 and are now looking to build a bigger replacement elsewhere for Charles de Gaulle .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The Parisians moved their main airport twice between 1960 and 1980 and are now looking to build a bigger replacement elsewhere for Charles de Gaulle .	The Parisians moved their main airport twice between 1961 and 1980 and are now looking to build a bigger replacement elsewhere for Charles de Gaulle .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Next Gourmet Burger Kids ' Recipe Contest '' since 2006 .	Next Gourmet Burger Kids ' Recipe Contest '' since 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Next Gourmet Burger Kids ' Recipe Contest '' since 2006 .	Next Gourmet Burger Kids ' Recipe Contest '' before 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Fourteen high-ranking Communist Party elders submitted a letter to President Hu Jintao and the Politburo Standing Committee members at the end of January saying that any details of the economic stimulus plan should be '' subject to real and effective democratic procedures '' and that media controls related to reporting about the stimulus package should be loosened .	Fourteen high-ranking Communist Party elders submitted a letter to President Hu Jintao and the Politburo Standing Committee members before the end of february saying that any details of the economic stimulus plan should be '' subject to real and effective democratic procedures '' and that media controls related to reporting about the stimulus package should be loosened .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Fourteen high-ranking Communist Party elders submitted a letter to President Hu Jintao and the Politburo Standing Committee members at the end of January saying that any details of the economic stimulus plan should be '' subject to real and effective democratic procedures '' and that media controls related to reporting about the stimulus package should be loosened .	Fourteen high-ranking Communist Party elders submitted a letter to President Hu Jintao and the Politburo Standing Committee members after the end of January saying that any details of the economic stimulus plan should be '' subject to real and effective democratic procedures '' and that media controls related to reporting about the stimulus package should be loosened .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	NEW YORK -LRB- AP -RRB- - American conductor Dennis Russell Davies has been named music director of the Basel Symphony Orchestra , filling a position that had been vacant since 2006 .	NEW YORK -LRB- AP -RRB- - American conductor Dennis Russell Davies has been named music director of the Basel Symphony Orchestra , filling a position that had been vacant since 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	NEW YORK -LRB- AP -RRB- - American conductor Dennis Russell Davies has been named music director of the Basel Symphony Orchestra , filling a position that had been vacant since 2006 .	NEW YORK -LRB- AP -RRB- - American conductor Dennis Russell Davies has been named music director of the Basel Symphony Orchestra , filling a position that had been vacant before 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Even though the U.S. and the global economy are healing from the worst recession since the 1930s , many economists think it will be a while before central banks start lifting rates .	Even though the U.S. and the global economy are healing from the worst recession before the 1930s , many economists think it will be a while before central banks start lifting rates .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The four-week moving average for new claims dropped 7,750 last week to 473,750 , the lowest level since September last year .	The four-week moving average for new claims dropped 7,750 last week to 473,750 , the lowest level since november last year .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The four-week moving average for new claims dropped 7,750 last week to 473,750 , the lowest level since September last year .	The four-week moving average for new claims dropped 7,750 last week to 473,750 , the lowest level before September last year .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Now as the division heads home at the end of May , the region stretching south from Baghdad and across central Iraq has become a showcase for what the U.S. military hoped to achieve in Iraq .	Now as the division heads home before the end of june , the region stretching south from Baghdad and across central Iraq has become a showcase for what the U.S. military hoped to achieve in Iraq .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Now as the division heads home at the end of May , the region stretching south from Baghdad and across central Iraq has become a showcase for what the U.S. military hoped to achieve in Iraq .	Now as the division heads home after the end of May , the region stretching south from Baghdad and across central Iraq has become a showcase for what the U.S. military hoped to achieve in Iraq .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	These questions play to two of the biggest fears that have dominated public policy debate since Sept .	These questions play to two of the biggest fears that have dominated public policy debate before Sept .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The chance that the 158-year-old institution could collapse increased sharply after the strongest potential buyers pulled out at the weekend .	The chance that the 158-year-old institution could collapse increased sharply after the strongest potential buyers pulled out after the weekend .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Asian equities markets were led by the Nikkei 225 , also at levels not seen since November , again after improved earnings news lifted sentiment .	Asian equities markets were led by the Nikkei 225 , also at levels not seen since january , again after improved earnings news lifted sentiment .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Asian equities markets were led by the Nikkei 225 , also at levels not seen since November , again after improved earnings news lifted sentiment .	Asian equities markets were led by the Nikkei 225 , also at levels not seen before November , again after improved earnings news lifted sentiment .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Investors and Portec stockholders may also read and copy any reports , statements and other information filed by L.B. Foster or Portec with the SEC , at the SEC public reference room at 100 F Street , N.E. , Washington , DC 20549 .	Investors and Portec stockholders may also read and copy any reports , statements and other information filed by L.B. Foster or Portec with the SEC , after the SEC public reference room at 100 F Street , N.E. , Washington , DC 20549 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	ROME -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - G8 host Italy hopes that China and India will agree on an '' extremely ambitious '' goal of halving the world 's greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 at this week 's summit , Foreign Minister Franco Frattini said in a newspaper interview .	ROME -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - G8 host Italy hopes that China and India will agree on an '' extremely ambitious '' goal of halving the world 's greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 after this week 's summit , Foreign Minister Franco Frattini said in a newspaper interview .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Gonzalez said he has been working in Washington and living in Miami since 1999 .	Gonzalez said he has been working in Washington and living in Miami since 2001 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Gonzalez said he has been working in Washington and living in Miami since 1999 .	Gonzalez said he has been working in Washington and living in Miami before 1999 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Foreigners will have tennis lessons , then they 'll play five sets at the end of the week ; they 'll have golf lessons and then go and play a round -- the Brits ' attitude is ' Come on , let 's go and have a round of golf ' .	Foreigners will have tennis lessons , then they 'll play five sets after the end of the week ; they 'll have golf lessons and then go and play a round -- the Brits ' attitude is ' Come on , let 's go and have a round of golf ' .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The torch left the docks of the Puerto Madero district shortly after 2 p.m. and arrived unimpeded at its final destination in the leafy Núñez neighborhood approximately three hours later .	The torch left the docks of the Puerto Madero district shortly after 3 p.m. and arrived unimpeded at its final destination in the leafy Núñez neighborhood approximately three hours later .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The torch left the docks of the Puerto Madero district shortly after 2 p.m. and arrived unimpeded at its final destination in the leafy Núñez neighborhood approximately three hours later .	The torch left the docks of the Puerto Madero district shortly after 1 p.m. and arrived unimpeded at its final destination in the leafy Núñez neighborhood approximately three hours later .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The torch left the docks of the Puerto Madero district shortly after 2 p.m. and arrived unimpeded at its final destination in the leafy Núñez neighborhood approximately three hours later .	The torch left the docks of the Puerto Madero district shortly at 2 p.m. and arrived unimpeded at its final destination in the leafy Núñez neighborhood approximately three hours later .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The attack happened on Tuesday at about 2200 BST .	The attack happened on Tuesday before about 2201 BST .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The attack happened on Tuesday at about 2200 BST .	The attack happened on Tuesday after about 2200 BST .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The move will affect weapons which were deactivated before 1995 , when new standards made it harder to convert non-firing guns back into lethal weapons .	The move will affect weapons which were deactivated before 1994 , when new standards made it harder to convert non-firing guns back into lethal weapons .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The move will affect weapons which were deactivated before 1995 , when new standards made it harder to convert non-firing guns back into lethal weapons .	The move will affect weapons which were deactivated before 1996 , when new standards made it harder to convert non-firing guns back into lethal weapons .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The move will affect weapons which were deactivated before 1995 , when new standards made it harder to convert non-firing guns back into lethal weapons .	The move will affect weapons which were deactivated at 1995 , when new standards made it harder to convert non-firing guns back into lethal weapons .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two years later Mr. Braun left the company and much of what he created has since been dismantled .	Two years time Mr. Braun left the company and much of what he created has since been dismantled .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Celtics , the leaders of the Atlantic Division , matched their longest winning streak since March 16-31 , 1993 .	The Celtics , the leaders of the Atlantic Division , matched their longest winning streak since may 16-31 , 1993 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Celtics , the leaders of the Atlantic Division , matched their longest winning streak since March 16-31 , 1993 .	The Celtics , the leaders of the Atlantic Division , matched their longest winning streak before March 16-31 , 1993 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The programme '' Foxy Knoxy '' On Trial will air on ITV1 at 2000 BST .	The programme '' Foxy Knoxy '' On Trial will air on ITV1 before 2001 BST .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The programme '' Foxy Knoxy '' On Trial will air on ITV1 at 2000 BST .	The programme '' Foxy Knoxy '' On Trial will air on ITV1 after 2000 BST .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The incident happened on Pont du Val in St Brelade at 1030 BST on Monday .	The incident happened on Pont du Val in St Brelade before 1031 BST on Monday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The incident happened on Pont du Val in St Brelade at 1030 BST on Monday .	The incident happened on Pont du Val in St Brelade after 1030 BST on Monday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 61-year-old actor is explaining why he made this Rambo , which seems like a dumb career move after 2006 's Rocky Balboa .	The 61-year-old actor is explaining why he made this Rambo , which seems like a dumb career move after 2007 's Rocky Balboa .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The 61-year-old actor is explaining why he made this Rambo , which seems like a dumb career move after 2006 's Rocky Balboa .	The 61-year-old actor is explaining why he made this Rambo , which seems like a dumb career move after 2005 's Rocky Balboa .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The 61-year-old actor is explaining why he made this Rambo , which seems like a dumb career move after 2006 's Rocky Balboa .	The 61-year-old actor is explaining why he made this Rambo , which seems like a dumb career move at 2006 's Rocky Balboa .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	What is not in dispute -LRB- because he admits it -RRB- is that , between February 2001 and March 2002 , Mr McKinnon hacked his way into 97 US military computers , including terminals owned by the US Navy , the Pentagon and Nasa .	What is not in dispute -LRB- because he admits it -RRB- is that , between january 2001 and March 2002 , Mr McKinnon hacked his way into 97 US military computers , including terminals owned by the US Navy , the Pentagon and Nasa .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	What is not in dispute -LRB- because he admits it -RRB- is that , between February 2001 and March 2002 , Mr McKinnon hacked his way into 97 US military computers , including terminals owned by the US Navy , the Pentagon and Nasa .	What is not in dispute -LRB- because he admits it -RRB- is that , between march 2001 and March 2002 , Mr McKinnon hacked his way into 97 US military computers , including terminals owned by the US Navy , the Pentagon and Nasa .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Housebuilders have delivered an average 166,000 new homes a year since 2000 , according to the National House Building Council but the review said they would need to increase their output by a more than a third to meet targets , raising prospects of a construction boom .	Housebuilders have delivered an average 166,000 new homes a year since 2002 , according to the National House Building Council but the review said they would need to increase their output by a more than a third to meet targets , raising prospects of a construction boom .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Housebuilders have delivered an average 166,000 new homes a year since 2000 , according to the National House Building Council but the review said they would need to increase their output by a more than a third to meet targets , raising prospects of a construction boom .	Housebuilders have delivered an average 166,000 new homes a year before 2000 , according to the National House Building Council but the review said they would need to increase their output by a more than a third to meet targets , raising prospects of a construction boom .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That makes ZTE , the Chinese telecommunications company , the de facto monopoly supplier -- the kind of deal that western companies such as Siemens had in Nigeria in the past but rail at now .	That makes ZTE , the Chinese telecommunications company , the de facto monopoly supplier -- the kind of deal that western companies such as Siemens had in Nigeria in the past but rail after now .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Anelka was the key to Chelsea 's win , scoring after eight minutes from a deft pass from Michael Ballack and adding a second later in the match when the Sunderland keeper Marton Fulop made a hash of a punch clear .	Anelka was the key to Chelsea 's win , scoring after eight minutes from a deft pass from Michael Ballack and adding a second time in the match when the Sunderland keeper Marton Fulop made a hash of a punch clear .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The team have opted for continuity as Sutil has driven for Force India since they entered the sport at the start of last year .	The team have opted for continuity as Sutil has driven for Force India since they entered the sport after the start of last year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A lorry had its windscreen smashed at 0115 GMT on Saturday while travelling on the A75 near Dumfries .	A lorry had its windscreen smashed before 116 GMT on Saturday while travelling on the A75 near Dumfries .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A lorry had its windscreen smashed at 0115 GMT on Saturday while travelling on the A75 near Dumfries .	A lorry had its windscreen smashed after 0115 GMT on Saturday while travelling on the A75 near Dumfries .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Her bequest of 51 paintings by British artists over a period of 100 years between 1750 and 1850 was the most significant single donation to the Samuel Courtauld Trust for 25 years .	Her bequest of 51 paintings by British artists over a period of 100 years between 1749 and 1850 was the most significant single donation to the Samuel Courtauld Trust for 25 years .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Her bequest of 51 paintings by British artists over a period of 100 years between 1750 and 1850 was the most significant single donation to the Samuel Courtauld Trust for 25 years .	Her bequest of 51 paintings by British artists over a period of 100 years between 1751 and 1850 was the most significant single donation to the Samuel Courtauld Trust for 25 years .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The USS Nicholas reported taking fire from a suspected pirate skiff shortly after midnight local time west of the Seychelles , the statement said .	The USS Nicholas reported taking fire from a suspected pirate skiff shortly at midnight local time west of the Seychelles , the statement said .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two months later , the World Health Organization sent the company an alert linking Avandia to heart ailments .	Two months time , the World Health Organization sent the company an alert linking Avandia to heart ailments .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He struck out five and walked four for his first victory since Sept .	He struck out five and walked four for his first victory before Sept .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	At a news conference Tuesday , hospital officials said the closure of 11 emergency rooms throughout the county since 2002 -- including the loss of more than 400 hospital beds in the Valley -- was straining their ability to respond in a crisis .	At a news conference Tuesday , hospital officials said the closure of 11 emergency rooms throughout the county since 2004 -- including the loss of more than 400 hospital beds in the Valley -- was straining their ability to respond in a crisis .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	At a news conference Tuesday , hospital officials said the closure of 11 emergency rooms throughout the county since 2002 -- including the loss of more than 400 hospital beds in the Valley -- was straining their ability to respond in a crisis .	At a news conference Tuesday , hospital officials said the closure of 11 emergency rooms throughout the county before 2002 -- including the loss of more than 400 hospital beds in the Valley -- was straining their ability to respond in a crisis .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Three years earlier , on the back of two Godfather films and the taut thriller The Conversation , he had been the toast of Hollywood .	Three years time , on the back of two Godfather films and the taut thriller The Conversation , he had been the toast of Hollywood .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Yi was selected with the sixth overall selection in the first round of the 2007 NBA Draft by Milwaukee and was traded to the Nets a year later .	Yi was selected with the sixth overall selection in the first round of the 2007 NBA Draft by Milwaukee and was traded to the Nets a year time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Republican had said even before Wednesday 's announcement that he was against same-sex marriage .	The Republican had said even at Wednesday 's announcement that he was against same-sex marriage .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	8 , 2007 , and July 9 , and six by another between July 8 and Aug .	8 , 2007 , and July 9 , and six by another between june 8 and Aug .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	8 , 2007 , and July 9 , and six by another between July 8 and Aug .	8 , 2007 , and July 9 , and six by another between august 8 and Aug .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	More than 50 manhole covers belonging to the Long Beach Water Department have gone missing since the beginning of the year -LRB- 10 disappeared in just one day last week -RRB- .	More than 50 manhole covers belonging to the Long Beach Water Department have gone missing before the beginning of the year -LRB- 10 disappeared in just one day last week -RRB- .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Stepha Henry and her 16-year-old sister Shola flew to Florida just before Memorial Day to celebrate Shola 's birthday .	Stepha Henry and her 16-year-old sister Shola flew to Florida just at Memorial Day to celebrate Shola 's birthday .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	We did a report at the end of 2005 involving the Premier League , Football League and the FA to identify clubs who weren ' t up to scratch .	We did a report before the end of 2006 involving the Premier League , Football League and the FA to identify clubs who weren ' t up to scratch .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	We did a report at the end of 2005 involving the Premier League , Football League and the FA to identify clubs who weren ' t up to scratch .	We did a report after the end of 2005 involving the Premier League , Football League and the FA to identify clubs who weren ' t up to scratch .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Dow Chemical : The American company reported a 97 per cent drop in its first-quarter profits to $ 24 million -LRB- £ 16 million -RRB- , from $ 941 million a year earlier , because of job cuts and a steep drop in sales , although the results easily beat Wall Street expectations .	Dow Chemical : The American company reported a 97 per cent drop in its first-quarter profits to $ 24 million -LRB- £ 16 million -RRB- , from $ 941 million a year time , because of job cuts and a steep drop in sales , although the results easily beat Wall Street expectations .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The reported illegal selling , according to Le Figaro , took place between November 2005 and March 2006 .	The reported illegal selling , according to Le Figaro , took place between october 2005 and March 2006 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The reported illegal selling , according to Le Figaro , took place between November 2005 and March 2006 .	The reported illegal selling , according to Le Figaro , took place between december 2005 and March 2006 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	LOS ANGELES -LRB- AP -RRB- - Chris Brown has pleaded guilty and publicly apologized for beating Rihanna , but after Wednesday afternoon , plenty more hard work lies ahead .	LOS ANGELES -LRB- AP -RRB- - Chris Brown has pleaded guilty and publicly apologized for beating Rihanna , but at Wednesday afternoon , plenty more hard work lies ahead .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Moreover , with the gradual -LRB- though incomplete -RRB- opening of the capital account since 2000 , the RBI has had to focus on an inconsistent combination of policies : using interest rates to target these macroeconomic variables , while seeking to ensure the stability of the Indian rupee in the foreign-exchange market .	Moreover , with the gradual -LRB- though incomplete -RRB- opening of the capital account since 2002 , the RBI has had to focus on an inconsistent combination of policies : using interest rates to target these macroeconomic variables , while seeking to ensure the stability of the Indian rupee in the foreign-exchange market .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Moreover , with the gradual -LRB- though incomplete -RRB- opening of the capital account since 2000 , the RBI has had to focus on an inconsistent combination of policies : using interest rates to target these macroeconomic variables , while seeking to ensure the stability of the Indian rupee in the foreign-exchange market .	Moreover , with the gradual -LRB- though incomplete -RRB- opening of the capital account before 2000 , the RBI has had to focus on an inconsistent combination of policies : using interest rates to target these macroeconomic variables , while seeking to ensure the stability of the Indian rupee in the foreign-exchange market .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It took months of sleuthing to tie them to a tub of contaminated peanut butter in a Minnesota nursing home and from there to PCA ; months later , products containing PCA peanuts and peanut paste are still being identified and recalled by manufacturers who bought those ingredients .	It took months of sleuthing to tie them to a tub of contaminated peanut butter in a Minnesota nursing home and from there to PCA ; months time , products containing PCA peanuts and peanut paste are still being identified and recalled by manufacturers who bought those ingredients .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Add these payments to the £ 70m already known about , the Carrington deal and '' management fees '' and at least £ 220m of the club 's cash will flow directly to the Glazers between 2010 to 2017 .	Add these payments to the £ 70m already known about , the Carrington deal and '' management fees '' and at least £ 220m of the club 's cash will flow directly to the Glazers between 2009 to 2017 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Add these payments to the £ 70m already known about , the Carrington deal and '' management fees '' and at least £ 220m of the club 's cash will flow directly to the Glazers between 2010 to 2017 .	Add these payments to the £ 70m already known about , the Carrington deal and '' management fees '' and at least £ 220m of the club 's cash will flow directly to the Glazers between 2011 to 2017 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Phillips Idowu leads a merry band of three Beijing-bound British triple jumpers from 1915 BST and , about an hour later , 400m stars Nicola Sanders and Christine Ohuruogu go head-to-head , before the men 's 100m final rounds off proceedings .	Phillips Idowu leads a merry band of three Beijing-bound British triple jumpers from 1915 BST and , about an hour time , 400m stars Nicola Sanders and Christine Ohuruogu go head-to-head , before the men 's 100m final rounds off proceedings .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Police said the teenager was attacked outside the Strood Academy , in Carnation Road , Rochester , just after 1500 GMT on Wednesday .	Police said the teenager was attacked outside the Strood Academy , in Carnation Road , Rochester , just after 1501 GMT on Wednesday .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Police said the teenager was attacked outside the Strood Academy , in Carnation Road , Rochester , just after 1500 GMT on Wednesday .	Police said the teenager was attacked outside the Strood Academy , in Carnation Road , Rochester , just after 1499 GMT on Wednesday .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Police said the teenager was attacked outside the Strood Academy , in Carnation Road , Rochester , just after 1500 GMT on Wednesday .	Police said the teenager was attacked outside the Strood Academy , in Carnation Road , Rochester , just at 1500 GMT on Wednesday .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Police have referred more than 300 additional suspects to the immigration and customs branch since March , when the county 's patrol officers began screening for residency status .	Police have referred more than 300 additional suspects to the immigration and customs branch since may , when the county 's patrol officers began screening for residency status .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Police have referred more than 300 additional suspects to the immigration and customs branch since March , when the county 's patrol officers began screening for residency status .	Police have referred more than 300 additional suspects to the immigration and customs branch before March , when the county 's patrol officers began screening for residency status .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Wagner pitched two scoreless innings , and Heilman , who had not pitched more than two innings since May 19 , 2006 , batted in the 13th because the Mets had no position players left .	Wagner pitched two scoreless innings , and Heilman , who had not pitched more than two innings since july 19 , 2006 , batted in the 13th because the Mets had no position players left .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Wagner pitched two scoreless innings , and Heilman , who had not pitched more than two innings since May 19 , 2006 , batted in the 13th because the Mets had no position players left .	Wagner pitched two scoreless innings , and Heilman , who had not pitched more than two innings before May 19 , 2006 , batted in the 13th because the Mets had no position players left .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	This came after June 's figure of 6 per cent and the -14 per cent recorded in May , when the number of estate agents recording price declines outnumbered those reporting increases .	This came after july 's figure of 6 per cent and the -14 per cent recorded in May , when the number of estate agents recording price declines outnumbered those reporting increases .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	This came after June 's figure of 6 per cent and the -14 per cent recorded in May , when the number of estate agents recording price declines outnumbered those reporting increases .	This came after may 's figure of 6 per cent and the -14 per cent recorded in May , when the number of estate agents recording price declines outnumbered those reporting increases .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This came after June 's figure of 6 per cent and the -14 per cent recorded in May , when the number of estate agents recording price declines outnumbered those reporting increases .	This came at June 's figure of 6 per cent and the -14 per cent recorded in May , when the number of estate agents recording price declines outnumbered those reporting increases .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A rebound in U.S. growth between July and September ended the worst economic slump in 70 years , but unemployment has jumped to 9.8 percent and is seen going higher . ''	A rebound in U.S. growth between june and September ended the worst economic slump in 70 years , but unemployment has jumped to 9.8 percent and is seen going higher . ''	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	A rebound in U.S. growth between July and September ended the worst economic slump in 70 years , but unemployment has jumped to 9.8 percent and is seen going higher . ''	A rebound in U.S. growth between august and September ended the worst economic slump in 70 years , but unemployment has jumped to 9.8 percent and is seen going higher . ''	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Others are shoddily built : this month monsoon rains poured through the roof and walls of a pool complex , where , weeks earlier , a swimmer was injured by a faulty grill . ''	Others are shoddily built : this month monsoon rains poured through the roof and walls of a pool complex , where , weeks time , a swimmer was injured by a faulty grill . ''	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Arriving for the first night a couple of weeks later , I found an enormous bouquet in the dressing room addressed to me .	Arriving for the first night a couple of weeks time , I found an enormous bouquet in the dressing room addressed to me .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Seven years later , aided by four lawyers , he 'd tracked down 20,000 pieces , the best of which are on show , along with a collection of porcelain , guns , musical instruments and manuscripts by Mozart , Haydn and Beethoven .	Seven years time , aided by four lawyers , he 'd tracked down 20,000 pieces , the best of which are on show , along with a collection of porcelain , guns , musical instruments and manuscripts by Mozart , Haydn and Beethoven .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The collapse of the government ushers in the worst political crisis since 2008 in one of the most volatile corners of the Middle East .	The collapse of the government ushers in the worst political crisis since 2010 in one of the most volatile corners of the Middle East .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The collapse of the government ushers in the worst political crisis since 2008 in one of the most volatile corners of the Middle East .	The collapse of the government ushers in the worst political crisis before 2008 in one of the most volatile corners of the Middle East .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	As Citi 's shares lost another quarter of their value to close at $ 4.71 -- a level not seen since 1994 -- investors , regulators and employees were staring at the possibility that the US financial services group might need outside help .	As Citi 's shares lost another quarter of their value to close at $ 4.71 -- a level not seen since 1996 -- investors , regulators and employees were staring at the possibility that the US financial services group might need outside help .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	As Citi 's shares lost another quarter of their value to close at $ 4.71 -- a level not seen since 1994 -- investors , regulators and employees were staring at the possibility that the US financial services group might need outside help .	As Citi 's shares lost another quarter of their value to close at $ 4.71 -- a level not seen before 1994 -- investors , regulators and employees were staring at the possibility that the US financial services group might need outside help .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Thieves also broke into properties in the same area before Christmas .	Thieves also broke into properties in the same area at Christmas .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Visitors were told to leave the Paris exhibition hall shortly before 5 pm -LRB- 1600 GMT -RRB- for a security check and they were allowed to return an hour later , according to an AFP journalist at the site .	Visitors were told to leave the Paris exhibition hall shortly before 4 pm -LRB- 1600 GMT -RRB- for a security check and they were allowed to return an hour later , according to an AFP journalist at the site .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Visitors were told to leave the Paris exhibition hall shortly before 5 pm -LRB- 1600 GMT -RRB- for a security check and they were allowed to return an hour later , according to an AFP journalist at the site .	Visitors were told to leave the Paris exhibition hall shortly before 6 pm -LRB- 1600 GMT -RRB- for a security check and they were allowed to return an hour later , according to an AFP journalist at the site .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Visitors were told to leave the Paris exhibition hall shortly before 5 pm -LRB- 1600 GMT -RRB- for a security check and they were allowed to return an hour later , according to an AFP journalist at the site .	Visitors were told to leave the Paris exhibition hall shortly at 5 pm -LRB- 1600 GMT -RRB- for a security check and they were allowed to return an hour later , according to an AFP journalist at the site .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The last electrical supplies were restored at 2017 GMT on Wednesday via temporary supplies , EDF energy said .	The last electrical supplies were restored before 2018 GMT on Wednesday via temporary supplies , EDF energy said .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The last electrical supplies were restored at 2017 GMT on Wednesday via temporary supplies , EDF energy said .	The last electrical supplies were restored after 2017 GMT on Wednesday via temporary supplies , EDF energy said .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	So when Danny died of a seizure 14 days before Christmas -- after frantic attempts by his parents , neighbors , paramedics and doctors to revive him , after all the medical tubes were disconnected -- Danny 's dad lay down on the hospital bed .	So when Danny died of a seizure 14 days at Christmas -- after frantic attempts by his parents , neighbors , paramedics and doctors to revive him , after all the medical tubes were disconnected -- Danny 's dad lay down on the hospital bed .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	HMV , which has been trading since 1921 , said that the most popular album with fans is the compilation Number Ones , followed by 1983 album Thriller , described by many as the pop star 's masterpiece and until now the bestselling album of all time .	HMV , which has been trading since 1923 , said that the most popular album with fans is the compilation Number Ones , followed by 1983 album Thriller , described by many as the pop star 's masterpiece and until now the bestselling album of all time .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	HMV , which has been trading since 1921 , said that the most popular album with fans is the compilation Number Ones , followed by 1983 album Thriller , described by many as the pop star 's masterpiece and until now the bestselling album of all time .	HMV , which has been trading before 1921 , said that the most popular album with fans is the compilation Number Ones , followed by 1983 album Thriller , described by many as the pop star 's masterpiece and until now the bestselling album of all time .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	With historic resonance in mind , it wasn ' t much of a stretch to draw an analogy to the economic clouds that had Gordon Brown and Nicolas Sarkozy calling a couple of months earlier for a new Bretton Woods agreement for the 21st century .	With historic resonance in mind , it wasn ' t much of a stretch to draw an analogy to the economic clouds that had Gordon Brown and Nicolas Sarkozy calling a couple of months time for a new Bretton Woods agreement for the 21st century .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	If it had , he says , he could have told them he 'd actually left NBC News five years earlier .	If it had , he says , he could have told them he 'd actually left NBC News five years time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Any small boost may have disappeared two or three days later when Populus finished its interviews .	Any small boost may have disappeared two or three days time when Populus finished its interviews .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Pilgrims shares closed down 39.72 percent at $ 3.84 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange after falling to $ 3.26 earlier in the session , the lowest since the early 1990s .	Pilgrims shares closed down 39.72 percent at $ 3.84 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange after falling to $ 3.26 earlier in the session , the lowest before the early 1990s .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Researchers estimate that between 10 p.m. and 2 a.m. , when many Super Bowl partygoers will be heading home , three of every 10 drivers will be drunk , and that more than one-third of these drivers will have been drinking at someone else 's house , the highway safety office said .	Researchers estimate that between 9 p.m. and 2 a.m. , when many Super Bowl partygoers will be heading home , three of every 10 drivers will be drunk , and that more than one-third of these drivers will have been drinking at someone else 's house , the highway safety office said .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Researchers estimate that between 10 p.m. and 2 a.m. , when many Super Bowl partygoers will be heading home , three of every 10 drivers will be drunk , and that more than one-third of these drivers will have been drinking at someone else 's house , the highway safety office said .	Researchers estimate that between 11 p.m. and 2 a.m. , when many Super Bowl partygoers will be heading home , three of every 10 drivers will be drunk , and that more than one-third of these drivers will have been drinking at someone else 's house , the highway safety office said .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Strike bowler Shane Bond went off after sending down four overs at the start of the day , while Jacob Oram , who dismissed Kallis , limped off midway through an over and did not return .	Strike bowler Shane Bond went off after sending down four overs after the start of the day , while Jacob Oram , who dismissed Kallis , limped off midway through an over and did not return .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Dozens of feature films will be screened in the capital between October 15 and 30 , including the world premiere of the latest James Bond installment '' Quantum of Solace , '' expected to be one of this year 's biggest box office hits .	Dozens of feature films will be screened in the capital between september 15 and 30 , including the world premiere of the latest James Bond installment '' Quantum of Solace , '' expected to be one of this year 's biggest box office hits .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Dozens of feature films will be screened in the capital between October 15 and 30 , including the world premiere of the latest James Bond installment '' Quantum of Solace , '' expected to be one of this year 's biggest box office hits .	Dozens of feature films will be screened in the capital between november 15 and 30 , including the world premiere of the latest James Bond installment '' Quantum of Solace , '' expected to be one of this year 's biggest box office hits .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Macquarie had capital of A $ 11.9 bn at the end of 2009 , including A $ 4bn in excess of its minimum regulatory requirement after taking into account costs for the purchase of Delaware Investments , the US fund manager .	Macquarie had capital of A $ 11.9 bn before the end of 2010 , including A $ 4bn in excess of its minimum regulatory requirement after taking into account costs for the purchase of Delaware Investments , the US fund manager .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Macquarie had capital of A $ 11.9 bn at the end of 2009 , including A $ 4bn in excess of its minimum regulatory requirement after taking into account costs for the purchase of Delaware Investments , the US fund manager .	Macquarie had capital of A $ 11.9 bn after the end of 2009 , including A $ 4bn in excess of its minimum regulatory requirement after taking into account costs for the purchase of Delaware Investments , the US fund manager .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	NHTSA said 4.26 million vehicles would be covered , including new cars and trucks sold since September and others manufactured since the recall was announced .	NHTSA said 4.26 million vehicles would be covered , including new cars and trucks sold since november and others manufactured since the recall was announced .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	NHTSA said 4.26 million vehicles would be covered , including new cars and trucks sold since September and others manufactured since the recall was announced .	NHTSA said 4.26 million vehicles would be covered , including new cars and trucks sold before September and others manufactured since the recall was announced .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	About a week later , he approached the Yankees without agent Scott Boras and then with the help of two Goldman Sachs managing directors negotiated a $ 275 million , 10-year contract .	About a week time , he approached the Yankees without agent Scott Boras and then with the help of two Goldman Sachs managing directors negotiated a $ 275 million , 10-year contract .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A special programme covering the Maundy Thursday service will be broadcast on BBC One at 1115 GMT .	A special programme covering the Maundy Thursday service will be broadcast on BBC One before 1116 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A special programme covering the Maundy Thursday service will be broadcast on BBC One at 1115 GMT .	A special programme covering the Maundy Thursday service will be broadcast on BBC One after 1115 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The HS250h is Toyota 's first dedicated luxury hybrid , and the Sai has been Japan-only hybrid model since December .	The HS250h is Toyota 's first dedicated luxury hybrid , and the Sai has been Japan-only hybrid model since february .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The HS250h is Toyota 's first dedicated luxury hybrid , and the Sai has been Japan-only hybrid model since December .	The HS250h is Toyota 's first dedicated luxury hybrid , and the Sai has been Japan-only hybrid model before December .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The girl was abducted June 25 and found dead a week later .	The girl was abducted June 25 and found dead a week time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Police said six previous incidents - in which a knife has either been used or seen by the victims - have happened in the area since June .	Police said six previous incidents - in which a knife has either been used or seen by the victims - have happened in the area since august .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Police said six previous incidents - in which a knife has either been used or seen by the victims - have happened in the area since June .	Police said six previous incidents - in which a knife has either been used or seen by the victims - have happened in the area before June .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	People born before 1946 were the least likely to delay care , probably because most can take part in Medicare , the federal health insurance plan for the elderly , the researchers found .	People born before 1945 were the least likely to delay care , probably because most can take part in Medicare , the federal health insurance plan for the elderly , the researchers found .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	People born before 1946 were the least likely to delay care , probably because most can take part in Medicare , the federal health insurance plan for the elderly , the researchers found .	People born before 1947 were the least likely to delay care , probably because most can take part in Medicare , the federal health insurance plan for the elderly , the researchers found .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	People born before 1946 were the least likely to delay care , probably because most can take part in Medicare , the federal health insurance plan for the elderly , the researchers found .	People born at 1946 were the least likely to delay care , probably because most can take part in Medicare , the federal health insurance plan for the elderly , the researchers found .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	TORONTO -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - The Toronto Maple Leafs are penning one of the ugliest chapters in their long NHL existence after a 4-1 loss to the Colorado Avalanche on Tuesday consigned the winless Leafs to their worst start to a season since 1991 .	TORONTO -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - The Toronto Maple Leafs are penning one of the ugliest chapters in their long NHL existence after a 4-1 loss to the Colorado Avalanche on Tuesday consigned the winless Leafs to their worst start to a season since 1993 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	TORONTO -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - The Toronto Maple Leafs are penning one of the ugliest chapters in their long NHL existence after a 4-1 loss to the Colorado Avalanche on Tuesday consigned the winless Leafs to their worst start to a season since 1991 .	TORONTO -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - The Toronto Maple Leafs are penning one of the ugliest chapters in their long NHL existence after a 4-1 loss to the Colorado Avalanche on Tuesday consigned the winless Leafs to their worst start to a season before 1991 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	President Hosni Mubarak appeared on Egyptian state television talking with his doctors on Tuesday -- his first appearance since an operation in Germany 10 days earlier .	President Hosni Mubarak appeared on Egyptian state television talking with his doctors on Tuesday -- his first appearance since an operation in Germany 10 days time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Little did we know : years later The Village Voice revealed that very room was where the Kings County Democratic Executive Committee would gather to decide who would be the local judges on the basis of who had the most sterling credentials .	Little did we know : years time The Village Voice revealed that very room was where the Kings County Democratic Executive Committee would gather to decide who would be the local judges on the basis of who had the most sterling credentials .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But , since March , asset classes from stocks to commodities have soared again . ''	But , since may , asset classes from stocks to commodities have soared again . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But , since March , asset classes from stocks to commodities have soared again . ''	But , before March , asset classes from stocks to commodities have soared again . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The pilot of the Arkefly flight made the request at 1030 GMT .	The pilot of the Arkefly flight made the request before 1031 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The pilot of the Arkefly flight made the request at 1030 GMT .	The pilot of the Arkefly flight made the request after 1030 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He was scheduled to judge pre-World War I Rolls-Royce Silver Ghosts at next weekend 's Amelia Island Concours d ` Élégance in Florida , but a schedule conflict with his film work forced him to cancel .	He was scheduled to judge pre-World War I Rolls-Royce Silver Ghosts after next weekend 's Amelia Island Concours d ` Élégance in Florida , but a schedule conflict with his film work forced him to cancel .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Financial stocks led the rally , getting a big boost after a rulemaking body for the accounting industry relaxed financial reporting rules that force banks to value their assets at current market prices .	Financial stocks led the rally , getting a big boost after a rulemaking body for the accounting industry relaxed financial reporting rules that force banks to value their assets after current market prices .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	They had met three times since 1999 and have the most intense rivalry in baseball .	They had met three times since 2001 and have the most intense rivalry in baseball .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They had met three times since 1999 and have the most intense rivalry in baseball .	They had met three times before 1999 and have the most intense rivalry in baseball .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Struggling homebuilders , already looking ahead to the traditional spring selling season , had been counting on Congress to help spur pent-up sales after completing the worst year for new home sales since 1982 .	Struggling homebuilders , already looking ahead to the traditional spring selling season , had been counting on Congress to help spur pent-up sales after completing the worst year for new home sales since 1984 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Struggling homebuilders , already looking ahead to the traditional spring selling season , had been counting on Congress to help spur pent-up sales after completing the worst year for new home sales since 1982 .	Struggling homebuilders , already looking ahead to the traditional spring selling season , had been counting on Congress to help spur pent-up sales after completing the worst year for new home sales before 1982 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	And so everything suggests that continuity will guide US foreign policy after January 20 , 2009 , even if , as seems likely , the world 's prayers are answered and the Democrats take charge .	And so everything suggests that continuity will guide US foreign policy after february 20 , 2009 , even if , as seems likely , the world 's prayers are answered and the Democrats take charge .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	And so everything suggests that continuity will guide US foreign policy after January 20 , 2009 , even if , as seems likely , the world 's prayers are answered and the Democrats take charge .	And so everything suggests that continuity will guide US foreign policy after december 20 , 2009 , even if , as seems likely , the world 's prayers are answered and the Democrats take charge .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And so everything suggests that continuity will guide US foreign policy after January 20 , 2009 , even if , as seems likely , the world 's prayers are answered and the Democrats take charge .	And so everything suggests that continuity will guide US foreign policy at January 20 , 2009 , even if , as seems likely , the world 's prayers are answered and the Democrats take charge .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Four days later it lost radio contact leading to a full scale search and rescue operation .	Four days time it lost radio contact leading to a full scale search and rescue operation .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mortgage debt stood at $ 10.5 trillion at the end of last year , more than double the $ 4.8 trillion just seven years earlier , but home prices that were rising to support increasing levels of debt , like home equity lines of credit , are now dropping .	Mortgage debt stood at $ 10.5 trillion at the end of last year , more than double the $ 4.8 trillion just seven years time , but home prices that were rising to support increasing levels of debt , like home equity lines of credit , are now dropping .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	SSE 's Glendoe hydro power project above Loch Ness , which is due to come on stream this year , is the largest to be built since 1957 . ''	SSE 's Glendoe hydro power project above Loch Ness , which is due to come on stream this year , is the largest to be built since 1959 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	SSE 's Glendoe hydro power project above Loch Ness , which is due to come on stream this year , is the largest to be built since 1957 . ''	SSE 's Glendoe hydro power project above Loch Ness , which is due to come on stream this year , is the largest to be built before 1957 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Carlos Peña homered , Edwin Jackson won consecutive starts for the first time since April and the Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays , 3-2 , on Wednesday , completing a 4-3 trip .	Carlos Peña homered , Edwin Jackson won consecutive starts for the first time since june and the Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays , 3-2 , on Wednesday , completing a 4-3 trip .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Carlos Peña homered , Edwin Jackson won consecutive starts for the first time since April and the Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays , 3-2 , on Wednesday , completing a 4-3 trip .	Carlos Peña homered , Edwin Jackson won consecutive starts for the first time before April and the Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays , 3-2 , on Wednesday , completing a 4-3 trip .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Fire crews were called to Yessell Lane , in Charlton , near Evesham , shortly before noon .	Fire crews were called to Yessell Lane , in Charlton , near Evesham , shortly at noon .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In truth , they owed something to Vukasin Poleksic , the Debrecen goalkeeper , who spilt a shot from Fernando Torres into the path of Kuyt , who , having scuffed a similar opportunity seven minutes earlier , did not dare miss a second time .	In truth , they owed something to Vukasin Poleksic , the Debrecen goalkeeper , who spilt a shot from Fernando Torres into the path of Kuyt , who , having scuffed a similar opportunity seven minutes time , did not dare miss a second time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Meanwhile , production has been stepped up at Salt Union 's mine which has been working 24 hours a day since the beginning of January .	Meanwhile , production has been stepped up at Salt Union 's mine which has been working 24 hours a day since the beginning of march .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Meanwhile , production has been stepped up at Salt Union 's mine which has been working 24 hours a day since the beginning of January .	Meanwhile , production has been stepped up at Salt Union 's mine which has been working 24 hours a day before the beginning of January .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	However , it also noted that the pension regulator , which will now oversee talks between the trustees and the airline on a recovery plan due before June 30 2010 , might not agree with the figure .	However , it also noted that the pension regulator , which will now oversee talks between the trustees and the airline on a recovery plan due before may 30 2010 , might not agree with the figure .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	However , it also noted that the pension regulator , which will now oversee talks between the trustees and the airline on a recovery plan due before June 30 2010 , might not agree with the figure .	However , it also noted that the pension regulator , which will now oversee talks between the trustees and the airline on a recovery plan due before july 30 2010 , might not agree with the figure .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	However , it also noted that the pension regulator , which will now oversee talks between the trustees and the airline on a recovery plan due before June 30 2010 , might not agree with the figure .	However , it also noted that the pension regulator , which will now oversee talks between the trustees and the airline on a recovery plan due at June 30 2010 , might not agree with the figure .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Kim ran for the presidency a decade later - and nearly defeated Park .	Kim ran for the presidency a decade time - and nearly defeated Park .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hundreds of protesters , who have already forced the capital 's main shopping district to close since Saturday , pushed through a thin line of riot police , but then left after about 20 minutes and massed outside the building .	Hundreds of protesters , who have already forced the capital 's main shopping district to close before Saturday , pushed through a thin line of riot police , but then left after about 20 minutes and massed outside the building .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Earlier , the prime minister said people should not be '' cynical '' about what could be achieved at next week 's G20 meeting and that he was optimistic about the outcome .	Earlier , the prime minister said people should not be '' cynical '' about what could be achieved after next week 's G20 meeting and that he was optimistic about the outcome .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Bulgarians and Romanians , who have been able to work in Britain since January 2007 , are coming in smaller numbers too , with figures down to their lowest level -- 8,205 compared with 10,420 in the same period last year . ''	Bulgarians and Romanians , who have been able to work in Britain since march 2007 , are coming in smaller numbers too , with figures down to their lowest level -- 8,205 compared with 10,420 in the same period last year . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Bulgarians and Romanians , who have been able to work in Britain since January 2007 , are coming in smaller numbers too , with figures down to their lowest level -- 8,205 compared with 10,420 in the same period last year . ''	Bulgarians and Romanians , who have been able to work in Britain before January 2007 , are coming in smaller numbers too , with figures down to their lowest level -- 8,205 compared with 10,420 in the same period last year . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hours later , Health Minister Jose Angel Cordova announced two more dead and 90 more cases , bringing the total to 44 dead among the 1,160 infected .	Hours time , Health Minister Jose Angel Cordova announced two more dead and 90 more cases , bringing the total to 44 dead among the 1,160 infected .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The insurance fund has been drained to its lowest level relative to deposits since 1993 , largely because the FDIC must pull out money for expected bank failures over the next year .	The insurance fund has been drained to its lowest level relative to deposits since 1995 , largely because the FDIC must pull out money for expected bank failures over the next year .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The insurance fund has been drained to its lowest level relative to deposits since 1993 , largely because the FDIC must pull out money for expected bank failures over the next year .	The insurance fund has been drained to its lowest level relative to deposits before 1993 , largely because the FDIC must pull out money for expected bank failures over the next year .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Yet here he is nearly three years later , fully recovered from a stroke and back at the Super Bowl as one of the unbeaten New England Patriots ' defensive leaders .	Yet here he is nearly three years time , fully recovered from a stroke and back at the Super Bowl as one of the unbeaten New England Patriots ' defensive leaders .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Bush administration spent more than $ 1 billion to deploy as many as 6,000 Guard troops on the border in Operation Jump Start , which began in 2006 and ended two years later .	The Bush administration spent more than $ 1 billion to deploy as many as 6,000 Guard troops on the border in Operation Jump Start , which began in 2006 and ended two years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nearly two decades later , the thought makes me want to cry .	Nearly two decades time , the thought makes me want to cry .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Overall the MCS is recommending 370 UK beaches out of 777 tested - a drop of 74 since 2008 .	Overall the MCS is recommending 370 UK beaches out of 777 tested - a drop of 74 since 2010 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Overall the MCS is recommending 370 UK beaches out of 777 tested - a drop of 74 since 2008 .	Overall the MCS is recommending 370 UK beaches out of 777 tested - a drop of 74 before 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The CWU says it does not oppose modernisation -- Royal Mail 's workforce has fallen by 53,000 to 176,000 since 2002 -- but it accuses managers of introducing changes without consultation .	The CWU says it does not oppose modernisation -- Royal Mail 's workforce has fallen by 53,000 to 176,000 since 2004 -- but it accuses managers of introducing changes without consultation .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The CWU says it does not oppose modernisation -- Royal Mail 's workforce has fallen by 53,000 to 176,000 since 2002 -- but it accuses managers of introducing changes without consultation .	The CWU says it does not oppose modernisation -- Royal Mail 's workforce has fallen by 53,000 to 176,000 before 2002 -- but it accuses managers of introducing changes without consultation .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Photographed by Jo Syz at his home on Kayford Mountain in West Virginia , Gibson is the head man of the Stanleys , who have lived on the mountain since the 1700s , and are the only family there who have refused to sell their acres -- 50 of them -- to the MTR coal mining company .	Photographed by Jo Syz at his home on Kayford Mountain in West Virginia , Gibson is the head man of the Stanleys , who have lived on the mountain before the 1700s , and are the only family there who have refused to sell their acres -- 50 of them -- to the MTR coal mining company .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	... Eight days later in the Territory 's capital , Darwin , the Beer Can Regatta takes place .	... Eight days time in the Territory 's capital , Darwin , the Beer Can Regatta takes place .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The conviction of the three for causing or allowing Peter 's death caused a national outcry over standards at the social services department which had already been severely criticised for similar failings over the murder of another child , Victoria Climbié , eight years earlier .	The conviction of the three for causing or allowing Peter 's death caused a national outcry over standards at the social services department which had already been severely criticised for similar failings over the murder of another child , Victoria Climbié , eight years time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The SFP is the principle means by which the Federal Reserve has been offsetting - since September - its massively expanded liquidity operations .	The SFP is the principle means by which the Federal Reserve has been offsetting - since november - its massively expanded liquidity operations .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The SFP is the principle means by which the Federal Reserve has been offsetting - since September - its massively expanded liquidity operations .	The SFP is the principle means by which the Federal Reserve has been offsetting - before September - its massively expanded liquidity operations .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The suspected U.S. drone fired six missiles at the mountaintop training camp in the Karwan Manza area of South Waziristan before dawn Wednesday , the officials said on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to media .	The suspected U.S. drone fired six missiles at the mountaintop training camp in the Karwan Manza area of South Waziristan at dawn Wednesday , the officials said on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to media .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	As late as the mid-80s , '' -LSB- In -RSB- the senior management offices -LSB- at Television Centre -RSB- ... any meeting that began after 11 am was opened with a corkscrew . ''	As late as the mid-80s , '' -LSB- In -RSB- the senior management offices -LSB- at Television Centre -RSB- ... any meeting that began after 12 am was opened with a corkscrew . ''	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	As late as the mid-80s , '' -LSB- In -RSB- the senior management offices -LSB- at Television Centre -RSB- ... any meeting that began after 11 am was opened with a corkscrew . ''	As late as the mid-80s , '' -LSB- In -RSB- the senior management offices -LSB- at Television Centre -RSB- ... any meeting that began after 10 am was opened with a corkscrew . ''	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	As late as the mid-80s , '' -LSB- In -RSB- the senior management offices -LSB- at Television Centre -RSB- ... any meeting that began after 11 am was opened with a corkscrew . ''	As late as the mid-80s , '' -LSB- In -RSB- the senior management offices -LSB- at Television Centre -RSB- ... any meeting that began at 11 am was opened with a corkscrew . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Lawmakers have called key players from the past and present to congressional hearings in an effort to find out what caused the biggest financial crisis since the 1930s and determine how the government plans to get the nation out of the mess .	WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Lawmakers have called key players from the past and present to congressional hearings in an effort to find out what caused the biggest financial crisis before the 1930s and determine how the government plans to get the nation out of the mess .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Amazon started the invitation - only service there at the beginning of August , and has since expanded to parts of Seattle 's Capitol Hill neighborhood and the suburb of Bellevue .	Amazon started the invitation - only service there before the beginning of september , and has since expanded to parts of Seattle 's Capitol Hill neighborhood and the suburb of Bellevue .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Amazon started the invitation - only service there at the beginning of August , and has since expanded to parts of Seattle 's Capitol Hill neighborhood and the suburb of Bellevue .	Amazon started the invitation - only service there after the beginning of August , and has since expanded to parts of Seattle 's Capitol Hill neighborhood and the suburb of Bellevue .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Five years later when he stepped down , profits had trebled , even though he later wrote that he hadn ' t made much difference and that he wished he 'd left the company earlier to start his own business .	Five years time when he stepped down , profits had trebled , even though he later wrote that he hadn ' t made much difference and that he wished he 'd left the company earlier to start his own business .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The coroner 's summing up is expected to last two days before the jury , which has been sitting since September 22 , is sent out to reach its verdict .	The coroner 's summing up is expected to last two days before the jury , which has been sitting since november 22 , is sent out to reach its verdict .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The coroner 's summing up is expected to last two days before the jury , which has been sitting since September 22 , is sent out to reach its verdict .	The coroner 's summing up is expected to last two days before the jury , which has been sitting before September 22 , is sent out to reach its verdict .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Gems , pharmaceuticals , textiles , vehicles and auto parts were all hit in an overall 12 per cent drop in US exports between October and February .	Gems , pharmaceuticals , textiles , vehicles and auto parts were all hit in an overall 12 per cent drop in US exports between september and February .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Gems , pharmaceuticals , textiles , vehicles and auto parts were all hit in an overall 12 per cent drop in US exports between October and February .	Gems , pharmaceuticals , textiles , vehicles and auto parts were all hit in an overall 12 per cent drop in US exports between november and February .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	With October retail sales the slowest since 1971 and automakers posting huge third-quarter losses , companies across the country are struggling to persuade consumers to buy their goods and services .	With October retail sales the slowest since 1973 and automakers posting huge third-quarter losses , companies across the country are struggling to persuade consumers to buy their goods and services .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	With October retail sales the slowest since 1971 and automakers posting huge third-quarter losses , companies across the country are struggling to persuade consumers to buy their goods and services .	With October retail sales the slowest before 1971 and automakers posting huge third-quarter losses , companies across the country are struggling to persuade consumers to buy their goods and services .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	One of the anomalies of the rankings is that despite his domination last season -- 68-9 with a tour-high eight titles -- Federer could have lost the top spot he 's held since February 2004 .	One of the anomalies of the rankings is that despite his domination last season -- 68-9 with a tour-high eight titles -- Federer could have lost the top spot he 's held since april 2004 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	One of the anomalies of the rankings is that despite his domination last season -- 68-9 with a tour-high eight titles -- Federer could have lost the top spot he 's held since February 2004 .	One of the anomalies of the rankings is that despite his domination last season -- 68-9 with a tour-high eight titles -- Federer could have lost the top spot he 's held before February 2004 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Even before yesterday 's summit , Democrats were reportedly considering passing a bill through the Senate using '' reconciliation , '' a procedural move that bypasses the filibuster and only requires 51 votes to pass a bill .	Even at yesterday 's summit , Democrats were reportedly considering passing a bill through the Senate using '' reconciliation , '' a procedural move that bypasses the filibuster and only requires 51 votes to pass a bill .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	By the end of 2007 , Ofcom found , 58 % of homes had broadband , compared with 52 % a year earlier .	By the end of 2007 , Ofcom found , 58 % of homes had broadband , compared with 52 % a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	at present we are looking for wealth managers -LRB- hig ... .	after present we are looking for wealth managers -LRB- hig ... .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Rauch , 57 , has served as mayor since 1999 and previously served on the city council . ''	Rauch , 57 , has served as mayor since 2001 and previously served on the city council . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Rauch , 57 , has served as mayor since 1999 and previously served on the city council . ''	Rauch , 57 , has served as mayor before 1999 and previously served on the city council . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Seconds later , shots rang out .	Seconds time , shots rang out .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The full judgment of the ERC 's independent appeal hearing , which fined Harlequins € 300,000 , banned Dean Richards for three years and physio Steph Brennan for two years as well as reducing Tom Williams 's original one year ban to four months is expected to be published at the end of next week .	The full judgment of the ERC 's independent appeal hearing , which fined Harlequins € 300,000 , banned Dean Richards for three years and physio Steph Brennan for two years as well as reducing Tom Williams 's original one year ban to four months is expected to be published after the end of next week .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Although the church 's objections to the death penalty aren ' t as absolute as its opposition to abortion , U.S. bishops have taught since 1980 that '' the legitimate purposes of punishment do not justify the imposition of the death penalty . ''	Although the church 's objections to the death penalty aren ' t as absolute as its opposition to abortion , U.S. bishops have taught since 1982 that '' the legitimate purposes of punishment do not justify the imposition of the death penalty . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Although the church 's objections to the death penalty aren ' t as absolute as its opposition to abortion , U.S. bishops have taught since 1980 that '' the legitimate purposes of punishment do not justify the imposition of the death penalty . ''	Although the church 's objections to the death penalty aren ' t as absolute as its opposition to abortion , U.S. bishops have taught before 1980 that '' the legitimate purposes of punishment do not justify the imposition of the death penalty . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Rajoelina , a 34-year-old former disc jockey and sacked mayor of Antananarivo , has been calling for Ravalomanana 's resignation since the start of 2009 and now wants him arrested .	Rajoelina , a 34-year-old former disc jockey and sacked mayor of Antananarivo , has been calling for Ravalomanana 's resignation since the start of 2011 and now wants him arrested .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Rajoelina , a 34-year-old former disc jockey and sacked mayor of Antananarivo , has been calling for Ravalomanana 's resignation since the start of 2009 and now wants him arrested .	Rajoelina , a 34-year-old former disc jockey and sacked mayor of Antananarivo , has been calling for Ravalomanana 's resignation before the start of 2009 and now wants him arrested .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Rebecca Adlington , of Nottingham , became the first British woman to win an Olympic crown in the pool since 1960 in the 400m freestyle at the Water Cube here in Beijing .	Rebecca Adlington , of Nottingham , became the first British woman to win an Olympic crown in the pool since 1962 in the 400m freestyle at the Water Cube here in Beijing .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Rebecca Adlington , of Nottingham , became the first British woman to win an Olympic crown in the pool since 1960 in the 400m freestyle at the Water Cube here in Beijing .	Rebecca Adlington , of Nottingham , became the first British woman to win an Olympic crown in the pool before 1960 in the 400m freestyle at the Water Cube here in Beijing .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A year later I realized I 'd better get moving , because if I waited much longer I would find it all but impossible to go back to 2 a.m. feedings .	A year time I realized I 'd better get moving , because if I waited much longer I would find it all but impossible to go back to 2 a.m. feedings .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two days later , she and her older brother formally identified Ivan 's body .	Two days time , she and her older brother formally identified Ivan 's body .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That 's brilliant , at the end of the day that 's the main reason I came over , to try and make the Hopkins fight and that 's what sells .	That 's brilliant , after the end of the day that 's the main reason I came over , to try and make the Hopkins fight and that 's what sells .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Wong , the Binghamton shooter , sent a message -- but it wasn ' t received until three days later , when a letter he wrote arrived at News 10 Now in Syracuse .	Wong , the Binghamton shooter , sent a message -- but it wasn ' t received until three days time , when a letter he wrote arrived at News 10 Now in Syracuse .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The boys , who had been told in advance that they would not be locked up , chatted excitedly and looked round the court as they were brought in at the start of today 's brief hearing .	The boys , who had been told in advance that they would not be locked up , chatted excitedly and looked round the court as they were brought in after the start of today 's brief hearing .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A little over a week later , JPMorgan agreed to raise its bid for the investment bank to $ 10 a share amid anger from both shareholders and employees over the deal .	A little over a week time , JPMorgan agreed to raise its bid for the investment bank to $ 10 a share amid anger from both shareholders and employees over the deal .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two days later , his father received a ransom note demanding money .	Two days time , his father received a ransom note demanding money .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 43-year-old was driving a Mini on the B3314 between St Endellion and Port Isaac when her car collided with another at about 1510 BST .	The 43-year-old was driving a Mini on the B3314 between St Endellion and Port Isaac when her car collided with another before about 1511 BST .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The 43-year-old was driving a Mini on the B3314 between St Endellion and Port Isaac when her car collided with another at about 1510 BST .	The 43-year-old was driving a Mini on the B3314 between St Endellion and Port Isaac when her car collided with another after about 1510 BST .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They got married in Elstree , Hertfordshire , in 1972 , having both ended previous marriages , before moving to Falmouth Cornwall four years later .	They got married in Elstree , Hertfordshire , in 1972 , having both ended previous marriages , before moving to Falmouth Cornwall four years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	, the oldest , from Teddy , the youngest , and the sheer number of children required two tables at dinnertime -- one for the older children , one for the younger . ''	, the oldest , from Teddy , the youngest , and the sheer number of children required two tables after dinnertime -- one for the older children , one for the younger . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The home side were forced into a substitution six minutes later when Chris Baird replaced full-back Gareth McAuley , who suffered a hamstring injury . ''	The home side were forced into a substitution six minutes time when Chris Baird replaced full-back Gareth McAuley , who suffered a hamstring injury . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Meanwhile , the PMI survey of service sector activity showed its weakest result since May 2003 , with firms less confident about the future than at any time in the past 15 months .	Meanwhile , the PMI survey of service sector activity showed its weakest result since july 2003 , with firms less confident about the future than at any time in the past 15 months .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Meanwhile , the PMI survey of service sector activity showed its weakest result since May 2003 , with firms less confident about the future than at any time in the past 15 months .	Meanwhile , the PMI survey of service sector activity showed its weakest result before May 2003 , with firms less confident about the future than at any time in the past 15 months .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They begin the campaign with an away trip to Slovakia on 6 September , followed by a home game against the Czech Republic four days later .	They begin the campaign with an away trip to Slovakia on 6 September , followed by a home game against the Czech Republic four days time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Fox '' Fallon , is retiring at the end of the month because of perceptions that he is at odds with Bush administration policy on Iran .	Fox '' Fallon , is retiring after the end of the month because of perceptions that he is at odds with Bush administration policy on Iran .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	At 2.5 per cent of the workforce , that represented the lowest joblessness since June 1975 .	At 2.5 per cent of the workforce , that represented the lowest joblessness since august 1975 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	At 2.5 per cent of the workforce , that represented the lowest joblessness since June 1975 .	At 2.5 per cent of the workforce , that represented the lowest joblessness before June 1975 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He realized about a year later that he rarely used it anymore and could no longer comfortably sleep on that side .	He realized about a year time that he rarely used it anymore and could no longer comfortably sleep on that side .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Some Cameron citizens have said that at least 11 area residents developed brain tumors since 2002 .	Some Cameron citizens have said that at least 11 area residents developed brain tumors since 2004 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Some Cameron citizens have said that at least 11 area residents developed brain tumors since 2002 .	Some Cameron citizens have said that at least 11 area residents developed brain tumors before 2002 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Five days earlier , on 23 October , the People 's Republic of Hungary had officially become the Republic of Hungary .	Five days time , on 23 October , the People 's Republic of Hungary had officially become the Republic of Hungary .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Aside from a handful of token nods , the big stories at this year 's ceremony are all American , '' said Mr Ashurst .	Aside from a handful of token nods , the big stories after this year 's ceremony are all American , '' said Mr Ashurst .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Jack and his mother had already conquered Mount Meru and are now set to climb Mount Kenya , which is 17,057 ft -LRB- 5,199 m -RRB- high , before the end of August .	Jack and his mother had already conquered Mount Meru and are now set to climb Mount Kenya , which is 17,057 ft -LRB- 5,199 m -RRB- high , before the end of july .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Jack and his mother had already conquered Mount Meru and are now set to climb Mount Kenya , which is 17,057 ft -LRB- 5,199 m -RRB- high , before the end of August .	Jack and his mother had already conquered Mount Meru and are now set to climb Mount Kenya , which is 17,057 ft -LRB- 5,199 m -RRB- high , before the end of september .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Jack and his mother had already conquered Mount Meru and are now set to climb Mount Kenya , which is 17,057 ft -LRB- 5,199 m -RRB- high , before the end of August .	Jack and his mother had already conquered Mount Meru and are now set to climb Mount Kenya , which is 17,057 ft -LRB- 5,199 m -RRB- high , at the end of August .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	According to the Humane Society of the United States , such mills -- which breed purebred puppies in large numbers -- are cruel and the puppies sometimes end up with health problems and perhaps genetic diseases that surface years later . ''	According to the Humane Society of the United States , such mills -- which breed purebred puppies in large numbers -- are cruel and the puppies sometimes end up with health problems and perhaps genetic diseases that surface years time . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	GM 's U.S. sales have dropped by almost 12 percent through April , a month that saw the industry 's weakest sales since 1998 .	GM 's U.S. sales have dropped by almost 12 percent through April , a month that saw the industry 's weakest sales since 2000 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	GM 's U.S. sales have dropped by almost 12 percent through April , a month that saw the industry 's weakest sales since 1998 .	GM 's U.S. sales have dropped by almost 12 percent through April , a month that saw the industry 's weakest sales before 1998 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In fact none of the works of Petrie , who is said to have lived between 1933 and 2006 , are in these galleries .	In fact none of the works of Petrie , who is said to have lived between 1932 and 2006 , are in these galleries .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	In fact none of the works of Petrie , who is said to have lived between 1933 and 2006 , are in these galleries .	In fact none of the works of Petrie , who is said to have lived between 1934 and 2006 , are in these galleries .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Nice spin , it was also reported that it was the best numbers since 2008 .	Nice spin , it was also reported that it was the best numbers since 2010 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nice spin , it was also reported that it was the best numbers since 2008 .	Nice spin , it was also reported that it was the best numbers before 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	That was the first significant increase since 2004 and the highest level in 11 years .	That was the first significant increase since 2006 and the highest level in 11 years .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That was the first significant increase since 2004 and the highest level in 11 years .	That was the first significant increase before 2004 and the highest level in 11 years .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He had been at home sick since the end of February with kidney problems , '' Worley said .	He had been at home sick since the end of april with kidney problems , '' Worley said .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He had been at home sick since the end of February with kidney problems , '' Worley said .	He had been at home sick before the end of February with kidney problems , '' Worley said .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Arsene Wenger 's men looked a different team to the side who beat Manchester United seven days earlier .	Arsene Wenger 's men looked a different team to the side who beat Manchester United seven days time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	LONDON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - U.S. crude prices fell below $ 72 on Thursday on oversupply worries , retreating after hitting the highest level since late June , and North Sea Brent crude briefly touched a record for 2009 .	LONDON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - U.S. crude prices fell below $ 72 on Thursday on oversupply worries , retreating after hitting the highest level since late august , and North Sea Brent crude briefly touched a record for 2009 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	LONDON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - U.S. crude prices fell below $ 72 on Thursday on oversupply worries , retreating after hitting the highest level since late June , and North Sea Brent crude briefly touched a record for 2009 .	LONDON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - U.S. crude prices fell below $ 72 on Thursday on oversupply worries , retreating after hitting the highest level before late June , and North Sea Brent crude briefly touched a record for 2009 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	However , the problem now is that several central banks are trying to exit at once , including , ironically , the BoJ itself , which reintroduced emergency measures last year in response to the recent financial crisis .	However , the problem now is that several central banks are trying to exit after once , including , ironically , the BoJ itself , which reintroduced emergency measures last year in response to the recent financial crisis .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	No-one was hurt when the object hit the train at about 1940 BST on Wednesday , although the driver was left shaken .	No-one was hurt when the object hit the train before about 1941 BST on Wednesday , although the driver was left shaken .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	No-one was hurt when the object hit the train at about 1940 BST on Wednesday , although the driver was left shaken .	No-one was hurt when the object hit the train after about 1940 BST on Wednesday , although the driver was left shaken .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In a speech on Friday defending the UK 's Afghan mission , Mr Brown said it was '' simply wrong '' to say troops were not getting the support they need , saying Labour had spent £ 1bn on new armoured vehicles for troops serving there since 2006 .	In a speech on Friday defending the UK 's Afghan mission , Mr Brown said it was '' simply wrong '' to say troops were not getting the support they need , saying Labour had spent £ 1bn on new armoured vehicles for troops serving there since 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In a speech on Friday defending the UK 's Afghan mission , Mr Brown said it was '' simply wrong '' to say troops were not getting the support they need , saying Labour had spent £ 1bn on new armoured vehicles for troops serving there since 2006 .	In a speech on Friday defending the UK 's Afghan mission , Mr Brown said it was '' simply wrong '' to say troops were not getting the support they need , saying Labour had spent £ 1bn on new armoured vehicles for troops serving there before 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Freezing both at 2014 levels would shrink them in real terms .	Freezing both before 2015 levels would shrink them in real terms .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Freezing both at 2014 levels would shrink them in real terms .	Freezing both after 2014 levels would shrink them in real terms .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The pair met for one session of what the court heard was erotic photography before a second meeting , when the alleged imprisonment took place at O ` Dowd 's flat in Shoreditch , London .	The pair met for one session of what the court heard was erotic photography at a second meeting , when the alleged imprisonment took place at O ` Dowd 's flat in Shoreditch , London .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	NEW YORK -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Ask any of the top seeds at next week 's U.S. Open who they would least like to play in the early rounds and there will only be one name uttered - Kim Clijsters .	NEW YORK -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Ask any of the top seeds after next week 's U.S. Open who they would least like to play in the early rounds and there will only be one name uttered - Kim Clijsters .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The figures will put more pressure on the board , at next month 's annual meeting from shareholders concerned about a proposed 17.6 % pay rise for new chief executive Andrew Witty .	The figures will put more pressure on the board , after next month 's annual meeting from shareholders concerned about a proposed 17.6 % pay rise for new chief executive Andrew Witty .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Merk 's share was down 0.3 percent in Frankfurt at 1050 GMT . ''	Merk 's share was down 0.3 percent in Frankfurt before 1051 GMT . ''	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Merk 's share was down 0.3 percent in Frankfurt at 1050 GMT . ''	Merk 's share was down 0.3 percent in Frankfurt after 1050 GMT . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The attacks emanated from neighboring Somalia , which has had no effective central government since 1992 and has a growing Islamic fundamentalist movement .	The attacks emanated from neighboring Somalia , which has had no effective central government since 1994 and has a growing Islamic fundamentalist movement .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The attacks emanated from neighboring Somalia , which has had no effective central government since 1992 and has a growing Islamic fundamentalist movement .	The attacks emanated from neighboring Somalia , which has had no effective central government before 1992 and has a growing Islamic fundamentalist movement .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Her body was found over a week later , on 9 May , after neighbours became concerned .	Her body was found over a week time , on 9 May , after neighbours became concerned .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	According to the agreement , Swedbank will transfer the funds to the Estonian treasury at the beginning of June .	According to the agreement , Swedbank will transfer the funds to the Estonian treasury before the beginning of july .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	According to the agreement , Swedbank will transfer the funds to the Estonian treasury at the beginning of June .	According to the agreement , Swedbank will transfer the funds to the Estonian treasury after the beginning of June .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Trailing since early in the second quarter , the Bulls finally caught the Cavs and took the lead at 99-98 with 1 : 42 left when Gordon knocked down three straight free throws after being fouled by Delonte West while attempting a 3-pointer .	Trailing since early in the second quarter , the Bulls finally caught the Cavs and took the lead after 99-98 with 1 : 42 left when Gordon knocked down three straight free throws after being fouled by Delonte West while attempting a 3-pointer .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Over here in Northern Ireland , the Armagh Observatory has been recording minimum and maximum daily temperature since 1865 .	Over here in Northern Ireland , the Armagh Observatory has been recording minimum and maximum daily temperature since 1867 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Over here in Northern Ireland , the Armagh Observatory has been recording minimum and maximum daily temperature since 1865 .	Over here in Northern Ireland , the Armagh Observatory has been recording minimum and maximum daily temperature before 1865 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	This was much more than economists were expecting and is the highest rate since March 1992 , the depths of the John Major recession , when prices were rising by 7.1 per cent .	This was much more than economists were expecting and is the highest rate since may 1992 , the depths of the John Major recession , when prices were rising by 7.1 per cent .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This was much more than economists were expecting and is the highest rate since March 1992 , the depths of the John Major recession , when prices were rising by 7.1 per cent .	This was much more than economists were expecting and is the highest rate before March 1992 , the depths of the John Major recession , when prices were rising by 7.1 per cent .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Last year , Madrid fashion week organisers banned ultra-skinny models , while Milan has required medical certificates for under-weight models since February .	Last year , Madrid fashion week organisers banned ultra-skinny models , while Milan has required medical certificates for under-weight models since april .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Last year , Madrid fashion week organisers banned ultra-skinny models , while Milan has required medical certificates for under-weight models since February .	Last year , Madrid fashion week organisers banned ultra-skinny models , while Milan has required medical certificates for under-weight models before February .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	TSMC is now adding the 40nm and 28nm iRCX files to its robust portfolio of 65nm iRCX technology files that have been used in production designs since early 2009 . ''	TSMC is now adding the 40nm and 28nm iRCX files to its robust portfolio of 65nm iRCX technology files that have been used in production designs since early 2011 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	TSMC is now adding the 40nm and 28nm iRCX files to its robust portfolio of 65nm iRCX technology files that have been used in production designs since early 2009 . ''	TSMC is now adding the 40nm and 28nm iRCX files to its robust portfolio of 65nm iRCX technology files that have been used in production designs before early 2009 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It also is significant when you can put the previous years ' mammogram right on top of the mammogram that we 're looking at this year , '' she added .	It also is significant when you can put the previous years ' mammogram right on top of the mammogram that we 're looking after this year , '' she added .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The court was told that McDade was questioned by police several days later after being recognised by officers in the street who had examined the CCTV footage .	The court was told that McDade was questioned by police several days time after being recognised by officers in the street who had examined the CCTV footage .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Just before the start of this week 's trial , Judge Allred granted Mr Hamdan 's defense team a partial victory by throwing out some of his statements to interrogators -- including those made at a US base at Bagram , Afghanistan , and other made in the country 's Panjsher Valley .	Just at the start of this week 's trial , Judge Allred granted Mr Hamdan 's defense team a partial victory by throwing out some of his statements to interrogators -- including those made at a US base at Bagram , Afghanistan , and other made in the country 's Panjsher Valley .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	These are terrible figures that help to explain why Labour has slipped back since Christmas and the country no longer thinks Messrs Brown and Darling are the likely saviours even if they are partly held responsible for the mess .	These are terrible figures that help to explain why Labour has slipped back before Christmas and the country no longer thinks Messrs Brown and Darling are the likely saviours even if they are partly held responsible for the mess .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The core consumer price index , which excludes volatile fresh food , retreated at a near-record pace of 2.2 percent from a year earlier , the government said .	The core consumer price index , which excludes volatile fresh food , retreated at a near-record pace of 2.2 percent from a year time , the government said .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	LOS ANGELES -LRB- AP -RRB- - Investigators are reviewing at least 30 unsolved murder cases for possible links to an unidentified serial killer suspected in at least 11 slayings since 1985 .	LOS ANGELES -LRB- AP -RRB- - Investigators are reviewing at least 30 unsolved murder cases for possible links to an unidentified serial killer suspected in at least 11 slayings since 1987 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	LOS ANGELES -LRB- AP -RRB- - Investigators are reviewing at least 30 unsolved murder cases for possible links to an unidentified serial killer suspected in at least 11 slayings since 1985 .	LOS ANGELES -LRB- AP -RRB- - Investigators are reviewing at least 30 unsolved murder cases for possible links to an unidentified serial killer suspected in at least 11 slayings before 1985 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The latest drop is the culmination of a steady decrease in the number of marriages in recent decades , bar a brief rise between 2002 and 2004 .	The latest drop is the culmination of a steady decrease in the number of marriages in recent decades , bar a brief rise between 2001 and 2004 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The latest drop is the culmination of a steady decrease in the number of marriages in recent decades , bar a brief rise between 2002 and 2004 .	The latest drop is the culmination of a steady decrease in the number of marriages in recent decades , bar a brief rise between 2003 and 2004 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	State Democratic Rep. Terry Schooley , who sponsored a bill to give districts more flexibility on punishments , expects a crowd at Tuesday 's school board meeting .	State Democratic Rep. Terry Schooley , who sponsored a bill to give districts more flexibility on punishments , expects a crowd after Tuesday 's school board meeting .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Likewise , the number of labs approved by the government to handle the deadliest substances has nearly doubled to 409 since 2004 , and there are now 15 of the highest-security labs .	Likewise , the number of labs approved by the government to handle the deadliest substances has nearly doubled to 409 since 2006 , and there are now 15 of the highest-security labs .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Likewise , the number of labs approved by the government to handle the deadliest substances has nearly doubled to 409 since 2004 , and there are now 15 of the highest-security labs .	Likewise , the number of labs approved by the government to handle the deadliest substances has nearly doubled to 409 before 2004 , and there are now 15 of the highest-security labs .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But Democratic Party rules say states can not hold their 2008 primary contests before Feb .	But Democratic Party rules say states can not hold their 2008 primary contests at Feb .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	This causes enormous irritation to the Italians who see themselves as having vital interests in Iran , '' says Sir Ivor , who served in Rome between 2003 and 2006 .	This causes enormous irritation to the Italians who see themselves as having vital interests in Iran , '' says Sir Ivor , who served in Rome between 2002 and 2006 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	This causes enormous irritation to the Italians who see themselves as having vital interests in Iran , '' says Sir Ivor , who served in Rome between 2003 and 2006 .	This causes enormous irritation to the Italians who see themselves as having vital interests in Iran , '' says Sir Ivor , who served in Rome between 2004 and 2006 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	has always been my parking homepage ever since 1995 .	has always been my parking homepage ever since 1997 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	has always been my parking homepage ever since 1995 .	has always been my parking homepage ever before 1995 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Concentrate inventory at May 31 , 2008 , was 24,729 pounds of molybdenum contained .	Concentrate inventory before june 31 , 2008 , was 24,729 pounds of molybdenum contained .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Concentrate inventory at May 31 , 2008 , was 24,729 pounds of molybdenum contained .	Concentrate inventory after May 31 , 2008 , was 24,729 pounds of molybdenum contained .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Tusk pledged to observe the constitution and guard the interests of the homeland , ending with '' So help me God , '' an optional phrase , banned during the communist era and shunned by some ex-communist leaders after 1989 .	Tusk pledged to observe the constitution and guard the interests of the homeland , ending with '' So help me God , '' an optional phrase , banned during the communist era and shunned by some ex-communist leaders after 1990 .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Tusk pledged to observe the constitution and guard the interests of the homeland , ending with '' So help me God , '' an optional phrase , banned during the communist era and shunned by some ex-communist leaders after 1989 .	Tusk pledged to observe the constitution and guard the interests of the homeland , ending with '' So help me God , '' an optional phrase , banned during the communist era and shunned by some ex-communist leaders after 1988 .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Tusk pledged to observe the constitution and guard the interests of the homeland , ending with '' So help me God , '' an optional phrase , banned during the communist era and shunned by some ex-communist leaders after 1989 .	Tusk pledged to observe the constitution and guard the interests of the homeland , ending with '' So help me God , '' an optional phrase , banned during the communist era and shunned by some ex-communist leaders at 1989 .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A ballot among cabin crew for strike action is due to close on December 14 , and if the vote is yes , the first strikes could take place a week later over the crucial Christmas period .	A ballot among cabin crew for strike action is due to close on December 14 , and if the vote is yes , the first strikes could take place a week time over the crucial Christmas period .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Rachel Alexandra , the first filly since 1924 to win the Preakness , received 130 votes for Horse of the Year .	Rachel Alexandra , the first filly since 1926 to win the Preakness , received 130 votes for Horse of the Year .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Rachel Alexandra , the first filly since 1924 to win the Preakness , received 130 votes for Horse of the Year .	Rachel Alexandra , the first filly before 1924 to win the Preakness , received 130 votes for Horse of the Year .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He said that in the six months to March this year , some 70 per cent of offenders were returned within the targeted timescale , compared to 60 per cent in the same period a year earlier .	He said that in the six months to March this year , some 70 per cent of offenders were returned within the targeted timescale , compared to 60 per cent in the same period a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It is part of the preparation for the eastward expansion of the Schengen area , to take in nine new members , due at the end of the year .	It is part of the preparation for the eastward expansion of the Schengen area , to take in nine new members , due after the end of the year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Some of the astronomers at this year 's meeting of the International Astronomical Union -LRB- IAU -RRB- , held in Rio de Janeiro from August 3rd to 14th , think it does .	Some of the astronomers after this year 's meeting of the International Astronomical Union -LRB- IAU -RRB- , held in Rio de Janeiro from August 3rd to 14th , think it does .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Years earlier , as a 30-year-old , he was asked by Dr. King to coordinate the logistics for the March on Washington .	Years time , as a 30-year-old , he was asked by Dr. King to coordinate the logistics for the March on Washington .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Kilic said the party had become '' a focal point of activities against the state 's unity '' with its '' actions and ties to the terrorist organization '' -- a reference to the rebel Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK , which has fought for autonomy from the Turkish state since 1984 .	Kilic said the party had become '' a focal point of activities against the state 's unity '' with its '' actions and ties to the terrorist organization '' -- a reference to the rebel Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK , which has fought for autonomy from the Turkish state since 1986 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Kilic said the party had become '' a focal point of activities against the state 's unity '' with its '' actions and ties to the terrorist organization '' -- a reference to the rebel Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK , which has fought for autonomy from the Turkish state since 1984 .	Kilic said the party had become '' a focal point of activities against the state 's unity '' with its '' actions and ties to the terrorist organization '' -- a reference to the rebel Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK , which has fought for autonomy from the Turkish state before 1984 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Some 200 officers from the GSG 9 , an anti-terror special unit of the German federal police , had been on standby near the kidnapped vessel since the final days of April but were ultimately called back to Germany before a single shot was fired .	Some 200 officers from the GSG 9 , an anti-terror special unit of the German federal police , had been on standby near the kidnapped vessel since the final days of june but were ultimately called back to Germany before a single shot was fired .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Some 200 officers from the GSG 9 , an anti-terror special unit of the German federal police , had been on standby near the kidnapped vessel since the final days of April but were ultimately called back to Germany before a single shot was fired .	Some 200 officers from the GSG 9 , an anti-terror special unit of the German federal police , had been on standby near the kidnapped vessel before the final days of April but were ultimately called back to Germany before a single shot was fired .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	US officials are concerned about the impact the oil price , which has doubled since last year , is having on the US economy , which is already under pressure from a sliding housing market and the credit crisis .	US officials are concerned about the impact the oil price , which has doubled before last year , is having on the US economy , which is already under pressure from a sliding housing market and the credit crisis .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few days later I received a letter from Reed Whittemore , the distinguished poet who was then the magazine 's literary editor , saying that he liked my letter , that it would be published in full , and that he wondered if I 'd be interested in doing some reviews for him . ''	A few days time I received a letter from Reed Whittemore , the distinguished poet who was then the magazine 's literary editor , saying that he liked my letter , that it would be published in full , and that he wondered if I 'd be interested in doing some reviews for him . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He was found dead in his cell three days later .	He was found dead in his cell three days time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Classic pit stops like Ben 's Chili Bowl , a diner that 's been around since 1958 , are wedged between old and new clubs that play host to jazz musicians .	Classic pit stops like Ben 's Chili Bowl , a diner that 's been around since 1960 , are wedged between old and new clubs that play host to jazz musicians .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Classic pit stops like Ben 's Chili Bowl , a diner that 's been around since 1958 , are wedged between old and new clubs that play host to jazz musicians .	Classic pit stops like Ben 's Chili Bowl , a diner that 's been around before 1958 , are wedged between old and new clubs that play host to jazz musicians .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	When his media team suggested running ads that highlighted Obama 's connection with the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , McCain reminded them that he pledged months earlier not to exploit the matter , and John McCain was not about to go back on his word .	When his media team suggested running ads that highlighted Obama 's connection with the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , McCain reminded them that he pledged months time not to exploit the matter , and John McCain was not about to go back on his word .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Because a team can bring in six very good golfers all at once to start a program , it isn ' t unusual to see a team advance to the NCAA championship within a few years of its debut .	Because a team can bring in six very good golfers all after once to start a program , it isn ' t unusual to see a team advance to the NCAA championship within a few years of its debut .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The bipartisan , six-month study from the congressionally-created Commission on the Prevention of Weapons of Mass Destruction and Terrorism faulted the administration for tripling the number of lab sites handling high-level germs since 2001 and failing to adequately protect them , The Washington Post -LRB- NYSE : WPO -RRB- reported Sunday .	The bipartisan , six-month study from the congressionally-created Commission on the Prevention of Weapons of Mass Destruction and Terrorism faulted the administration for tripling the number of lab sites handling high-level germs since 2003 and failing to adequately protect them , The Washington Post -LRB- NYSE : WPO -RRB- reported Sunday .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The bipartisan , six-month study from the congressionally-created Commission on the Prevention of Weapons of Mass Destruction and Terrorism faulted the administration for tripling the number of lab sites handling high-level germs since 2001 and failing to adequately protect them , The Washington Post -LRB- NYSE : WPO -RRB- reported Sunday .	The bipartisan , six-month study from the congressionally-created Commission on the Prevention of Weapons of Mass Destruction and Terrorism faulted the administration for tripling the number of lab sites handling high-level germs before 2001 and failing to adequately protect them , The Washington Post -LRB- NYSE : WPO -RRB- reported Sunday .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	So , the NFL and NBC have agreed in principle to have the kickoff at 7 p.m. Ryan is currently cutting a tiny Matt Stover jersey out of felt , but Stover may be immune to the magic : he 's 21 of 26 on postseason field goals , and he hasn ' t missed a kick in the playoffs in seven games since 2001 .	So , the NFL and NBC have agreed in principle to have the kickoff at 7 p.m. Ryan is currently cutting a tiny Matt Stover jersey out of felt , but Stover may be immune to the magic : he 's 21 of 26 on postseason field goals , and he hasn ' t missed a kick in the playoffs in seven games since 2003 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	So , the NFL and NBC have agreed in principle to have the kickoff at 7 p.m. Ryan is currently cutting a tiny Matt Stover jersey out of felt , but Stover may be immune to the magic : he 's 21 of 26 on postseason field goals , and he hasn ' t missed a kick in the playoffs in seven games since 2001 .	So , the NFL and NBC have agreed in principle to have the kickoff at 7 p.m. Ryan is currently cutting a tiny Matt Stover jersey out of felt , but Stover may be immune to the magic : he 's 21 of 26 on postseason field goals , and he hasn ' t missed a kick in the playoffs in seven games before 2001 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The move would also push the top rate of income tax above 40p in the pound for the first time since 1988 .	The move would also push the top rate of income tax above 40p in the pound for the first time since 1990 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The move would also push the top rate of income tax above 40p in the pound for the first time since 1988 .	The move would also push the top rate of income tax above 40p in the pound for the first time before 1988 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sorry I feel for you the minorites voices have not mattered before now the whites are feeling what the minorites felt .	Sorry I feel for you the minorites voices have not mattered at now the whites are feeling what the minorites felt .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	4 / PRNewswire-USNewswire / -- The U.S. citizens of Puerto Rico voted today , in what early results show to be record numbers , to elect fiscal and social conservative Luis G. Fortuno as the next governor of Puerto Rico - making him the Island 's first Republican governor since 1968 .	4 / PRNewswire-USNewswire / -- The U.S. citizens of Puerto Rico voted today , in what early results show to be record numbers , to elect fiscal and social conservative Luis G. Fortuno as the next governor of Puerto Rico - making him the Island 's first Republican governor since 1970 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	4 / PRNewswire-USNewswire / -- The U.S. citizens of Puerto Rico voted today , in what early results show to be record numbers , to elect fiscal and social conservative Luis G. Fortuno as the next governor of Puerto Rico - making him the Island 's first Republican governor since 1968 .	4 / PRNewswire-USNewswire / -- The U.S. citizens of Puerto Rico voted today , in what early results show to be record numbers , to elect fiscal and social conservative Luis G. Fortuno as the next governor of Puerto Rico - making him the Island 's first Republican governor before 1968 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It was the lowest-scoring first half in the series since 1976 , when the Trojans also led by a 7-0 margin ... .	It was the lowest-scoring first half in the series since 1978 , when the Trojans also led by a 7-0 margin ... .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It was the lowest-scoring first half in the series since 1976 , when the Trojans also led by a 7-0 margin ... .	It was the lowest-scoring first half in the series before 1976 , when the Trojans also led by a 7-0 margin ... .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	With 750 inmates per 100,000 people , imprisonment cost the 50 states more then $ 49bn last year , up from less than $ 11bn 20 years earlier .	With 750 inmates per 100,000 people , imprisonment cost the 50 states more then $ 49bn last year , up from less than $ 11bn 20 years time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The firm , which is the sole supplier of the indelible ink in India , has been providing it for all parliamentary , state assembly and local elections in India since 1962 . ''	The firm , which is the sole supplier of the indelible ink in India , has been providing it for all parliamentary , state assembly and local elections in India since 1964 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The firm , which is the sole supplier of the indelible ink in India , has been providing it for all parliamentary , state assembly and local elections in India since 1962 . ''	The firm , which is the sole supplier of the indelible ink in India , has been providing it for all parliamentary , state assembly and local elections in India before 1962 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	That was already down sharply since October 1 , when the growth forecast was 29 percent .	That was already down sharply since december 1 , when the growth forecast was 29 percent .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That was already down sharply since October 1 , when the growth forecast was 29 percent .	That was already down sharply before October 1 , when the growth forecast was 29 percent .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That brought the total number of rockets fired since Thursday to nine , the army said , one of which killed a Thai farm worker in southern Israel .	That brought the total number of rockets fired before Thursday to nine , the army said , one of which killed a Thai farm worker in southern Israel .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The work will take place between September 2008 and April 2009 .	The work will take place between august 2008 and April 2009 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The work will take place between September 2008 and April 2009 .	The work will take place between october 2008 and April 2009 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Yesterday 's jobless data showed a surprisingly big cut in the numbers claiming jobseeker 's allowance last month , with the so-called claimant count down to 1.59 million after a fall of 32,300 - the biggest monthly reduction since the end of 1997 .	Yesterday 's jobless data showed a surprisingly big cut in the numbers claiming jobseeker 's allowance last month , with the so-called claimant count down to 1.59 million after a fall of 32,300 - the biggest monthly reduction since the end of 1999 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Yesterday 's jobless data showed a surprisingly big cut in the numbers claiming jobseeker 's allowance last month , with the so-called claimant count down to 1.59 million after a fall of 32,300 - the biggest monthly reduction since the end of 1997 .	Yesterday 's jobless data showed a surprisingly big cut in the numbers claiming jobseeker 's allowance last month , with the so-called claimant count down to 1.59 million after a fall of 32,300 - the biggest monthly reduction before the end of 1997 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	So for New Year 's Eve , I went down there to photograph it and get some footage around the palace before midnight .	So for New Year 's Eve , I went down there to photograph it and get some footage around the palace at midnight .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Nasa predicts 2012 will bring the best display of Northern Lights since 1958 .	Nasa predicts 2012 will bring the best display of Northern Lights since 1960 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nasa predicts 2012 will bring the best display of Northern Lights since 1958 .	Nasa predicts 2012 will bring the best display of Northern Lights before 1958 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Wilfully , they started with possibly the least stimulating motif imaginable -- Nordic-patterned , reindeer-heavy knitwear of the type that is returned , in jumper form , straight after Christmas .	Wilfully , they started with possibly the least stimulating motif imaginable -- Nordic-patterned , reindeer-heavy knitwear of the type that is returned , in jumper form , straight at Christmas .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	After Stuart made it 2-1 midway through the second period , Phoenix pulled away on Yandle 's power-play goal with 4 : 50 to play in the period and Scottie Upshall 's tally 44 seconds later .	After Stuart made it 2-1 midway through the second period , Phoenix pulled away on Yandle 's power-play goal with 4 : 50 to play in the period and Scottie Upshall 's tally 44 seconds time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I would define that as a situation where people are doing less well than they were three months , six months or eight months earlier and most businesses find themselves in that position too .	I would define that as a situation where people are doing less well than they were three months , six months or eight months time and most businesses find themselves in that position too .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres -LRB- MSF -RRB- has been working with the group since April 2006 to provide healthcare .	The medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres -LRB- MSF -RRB- has been working with the group since june 2006 to provide healthcare .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres -LRB- MSF -RRB- has been working with the group since April 2006 to provide healthcare .	The medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres -LRB- MSF -RRB- has been working with the group before April 2006 to provide healthcare .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The film follows the parents ' experiences , from seeking applications for nursery school slots the day after Labor Day , until March , when the letters of acceptance -- or rejection -- arrive . ''	The film follows the parents ' experiences , from seeking applications for nursery school slots the day after Labor Day , until april , when the letters of acceptance -- or rejection -- arrive . ''	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The film follows the parents ' experiences , from seeking applications for nursery school slots the day after Labor Day , until March , when the letters of acceptance -- or rejection -- arrive . ''	The film follows the parents ' experiences , from seeking applications for nursery school slots the day after Labor Day , until february , when the letters of acceptance -- or rejection -- arrive . ''	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The film follows the parents ' experiences , from seeking applications for nursery school slots the day after Labor Day , until March , when the letters of acceptance -- or rejection -- arrive . ''	The film follows the parents ' experiences , from seeking applications for nursery school slots the day at Labor Day , until March , when the letters of acceptance -- or rejection -- arrive . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Most of the storm-related deaths recorded since the weekend have been in traffic accidents .	Most of the storm-related deaths recorded before the weekend have been in traffic accidents .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The families of the hikers , who Iran has held in jail since last July , say they strayed across the border accidentally while hiking in Iraq .	The families of the hikers , who Iran has held in jail since last september , say they strayed across the border accidentally while hiking in Iraq .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The families of the hikers , who Iran has held in jail since last July , say they strayed across the border accidentally while hiking in Iraq .	The families of the hikers , who Iran has held in jail before last July , say they strayed across the border accidentally while hiking in Iraq .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Inzamam was unavailable for the first Test while Yousuf pulled out at the last minute citing a lack of match fitness .	Inzamam was unavailable for the first Test while Yousuf pulled out after the last minute citing a lack of match fitness .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Even the Bank of England has questioned the statistical office reports , and after last month 's retail sales figures release said that it was giving more weight to other indicators of High Street activity , which were showing more of a slowdown .	Even the Bank of England has questioned the statistical office reports , and at last month 's retail sales figures release said that it was giving more weight to other indicators of High Street activity , which were showing more of a slowdown .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Research by the Knight Frank estate agent , using Land Registry data , shows that property values in hitherto little-known ports such as Coverack in Cornwall and Croyde in Devon have risen by 87 per cent and 70 per cent since 2003 , while the average for inland England is 40 per cent .	Research by the Knight Frank estate agent , using Land Registry data , shows that property values in hitherto little-known ports such as Coverack in Cornwall and Croyde in Devon have risen by 87 per cent and 70 per cent since 2005 , while the average for inland England is 40 per cent .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Research by the Knight Frank estate agent , using Land Registry data , shows that property values in hitherto little-known ports such as Coverack in Cornwall and Croyde in Devon have risen by 87 per cent and 70 per cent since 2003 , while the average for inland England is 40 per cent .	Research by the Knight Frank estate agent , using Land Registry data , shows that property values in hitherto little-known ports such as Coverack in Cornwall and Croyde in Devon have risen by 87 per cent and 70 per cent before 2003 , while the average for inland England is 40 per cent .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Eleven years later , believing she has spotted him on television at a political rally , Anne buys a ticket to Phnom Penh and sets out to find him .	Eleven years time , believing she has spotted him on television at a political rally , Anne buys a ticket to Phnom Penh and sets out to find him .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Moscow and Tbilisi fought a brief but intense war last August over the region , which had enjoyed de facto independence since the early 1990s thanks to tacit Russian support .	Moscow and Tbilisi fought a brief but intense war last August over the region , which had enjoyed de facto independence before the early 1990s thanks to tacit Russian support .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	After recovering from losses of over $ 30 billion in the early 1990s , the company was in trouble again at the beginning of the next decade .	After recovering from losses of over $ 30 billion in the early 1990s , the company was in trouble again after the beginning of the next decade .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	5 -RRB- All the settlements since 1967 have been built with the express purpose of making a Palestinian state -- and hence peace -- impossible , by cutting the territory of the prospective State of Palestine into ribbons .	5 -RRB- All the settlements since 1969 have been built with the express purpose of making a Palestinian state -- and hence peace -- impossible , by cutting the territory of the prospective State of Palestine into ribbons .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	5 -RRB- All the settlements since 1967 have been built with the express purpose of making a Palestinian state -- and hence peace -- impossible , by cutting the territory of the prospective State of Palestine into ribbons .	5 -RRB- All the settlements before 1967 have been built with the express purpose of making a Palestinian state -- and hence peace -- impossible , by cutting the territory of the prospective State of Palestine into ribbons .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Drogba rolled Martin Olsson and , after Lars Jacobsen failed to deal with his cross from the right , Lampard smashed the ball home from 10 yards to notch his first league goal from open play since April .	Drogba rolled Martin Olsson and , after Lars Jacobsen failed to deal with his cross from the right , Lampard smashed the ball home from 10 yards to notch his first league goal from open play since june .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Drogba rolled Martin Olsson and , after Lars Jacobsen failed to deal with his cross from the right , Lampard smashed the ball home from 10 yards to notch his first league goal from open play since April .	Drogba rolled Martin Olsson and , after Lars Jacobsen failed to deal with his cross from the right , Lampard smashed the ball home from 10 yards to notch his first league goal from open play before April .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	GAO official Steve Lord is expected to tell the committee that investigators are still reviewing TSA operational tests conducted at the end of last year .	GAO official Steve Lord is expected to tell the committee that investigators are still reviewing TSA operational tests conducted after the end of last year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The accident happened on the A49 between Bromfield and Ludlow , near the racecourse , at about 1850 GMT . ''	The accident happened on the A49 between Bromfield and Ludlow , near the racecourse , before about 1851 GMT . ''	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The accident happened on the A49 between Bromfield and Ludlow , near the racecourse , at about 1850 GMT . ''	The accident happened on the A49 between Bromfield and Ludlow , near the racecourse , after about 1850 GMT . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Farooque Ahmed , 34 , had been allegedly observing , videotaping and photographing Metro stations in the Virginia suburbs of Washington , including near the Pentagon and Arlington National Cemetery , since April to plan the attacks set for next year .	Farooque Ahmed , 34 , had been allegedly observing , videotaping and photographing Metro stations in the Virginia suburbs of Washington , including near the Pentagon and Arlington National Cemetery , since june to plan the attacks set for next year .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Farooque Ahmed , 34 , had been allegedly observing , videotaping and photographing Metro stations in the Virginia suburbs of Washington , including near the Pentagon and Arlington National Cemetery , since April to plan the attacks set for next year .	Farooque Ahmed , 34 , had been allegedly observing , videotaping and photographing Metro stations in the Virginia suburbs of Washington , including near the Pentagon and Arlington National Cemetery , before April to plan the attacks set for next year .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	According to weather-tracking firm Planalytics , it was the coldest October in the United States since 1976 and the wettest in 50 years .	According to weather-tracking firm Planalytics , it was the coldest October in the United States since 1978 and the wettest in 50 years .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	According to weather-tracking firm Planalytics , it was the coldest October in the United States since 1976 and the wettest in 50 years .	According to weather-tracking firm Planalytics , it was the coldest October in the United States before 1976 and the wettest in 50 years .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The trove of dinosaur bones lies in an area in Shandong that has been known for numerous similar finds , with two major digs taking place in the region since 1964 , the report said .	The trove of dinosaur bones lies in an area in Shandong that has been known for numerous similar finds , with two major digs taking place in the region since 1966 , the report said .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The trove of dinosaur bones lies in an area in Shandong that has been known for numerous similar finds , with two major digs taking place in the region since 1964 , the report said .	The trove of dinosaur bones lies in an area in Shandong that has been known for numerous similar finds , with two major digs taking place in the region before 1964 , the report said .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I really wouldn ' t have expected progress like this until after Christmas .	I really wouldn ' t have expected progress like this until at Christmas .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	We CAN ' T afford all this at once !	We CAN ' T afford all this after once !	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	First quarter GDP shrank 11.5 per cent compared with a year earlier -- a pace that far outstripped analysts ' predictions .	First quarter GDP shrank 11.5 per cent compared with a year time -- a pace that far outstripped analysts ' predictions .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	That teed up three more points for Flood and when Manu Tuilagi halted the excellent Foden at full pelt it confirmed a second straight defeat for Saints for the first time since April .	That teed up three more points for Flood and when Manu Tuilagi halted the excellent Foden at full pelt it confirmed a second straight defeat for Saints for the first time since june .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That teed up three more points for Flood and when Manu Tuilagi halted the excellent Foden at full pelt it confirmed a second straight defeat for Saints for the first time since April .	That teed up three more points for Flood and when Manu Tuilagi halted the excellent Foden at full pelt it confirmed a second straight defeat for Saints for the first time before April .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Our house rabbit chewed through the hi-fi wires at the weekend , barring me from listening to my beloved Schubert .	Our house rabbit chewed through the hi-fi wires after the weekend , barring me from listening to my beloved Schubert .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The most common substance , found in 30 cases , is carbofuran , an agricultural pesticide , which has been banned since December 2001 but can be used to lace animal carcasses . ''	The most common substance , found in 30 cases , is carbofuran , an agricultural pesticide , which has been banned since february 2001 but can be used to lace animal carcasses . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The most common substance , found in 30 cases , is carbofuran , an agricultural pesticide , which has been banned since December 2001 but can be used to lace animal carcasses . ''	The most common substance , found in 30 cases , is carbofuran , an agricultural pesticide , which has been banned before December 2001 but can be used to lace animal carcasses . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Vehicle sales in South Africa have doubled since 2000 .	Vehicle sales in South Africa have doubled since 2002 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Vehicle sales in South Africa have doubled since 2000 .	Vehicle sales in South Africa have doubled before 2000 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The sight of the 2008 champion receiving treatment at the end of the second set , when he required massage to the top of his right leg , was always going to cause a stir and though he was having further investigation last night , he did not believe it would stop him from competing in either the singles -- against Feliciano López , his compatriot -- or doubles today . ''	The sight of the 2008 champion receiving treatment after the end of the second set , when he required massage to the top of his right leg , was always going to cause a stir and though he was having further investigation last night , he did not believe it would stop him from competing in either the singles -- against Feliciano López , his compatriot -- or doubles today . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Bhutto 's return from an eight-year exile follows negotiations with Musharraf that could bring the longtime rivals together after January elections and see the corruption charges against her vanish .	Bhutto 's return from an eight-year exile follows negotiations with Musharraf that could bring the longtime rivals together after february elections and see the corruption charges against her vanish .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Bhutto 's return from an eight-year exile follows negotiations with Musharraf that could bring the longtime rivals together after January elections and see the corruption charges against her vanish .	Bhutto 's return from an eight-year exile follows negotiations with Musharraf that could bring the longtime rivals together after december elections and see the corruption charges against her vanish .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Bhutto 's return from an eight-year exile follows negotiations with Musharraf that could bring the longtime rivals together after January elections and see the corruption charges against her vanish .	Bhutto 's return from an eight-year exile follows negotiations with Musharraf that could bring the longtime rivals together at January elections and see the corruption charges against her vanish .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Midlothian Council , Scotland 's second smallest authority , has spent more than £ 5m subsidising the centre since 1996 .	Midlothian Council , Scotland 's second smallest authority , has spent more than £ 5m subsidising the centre since 1998 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Midlothian Council , Scotland 's second smallest authority , has spent more than £ 5m subsidising the centre since 1996 .	Midlothian Council , Scotland 's second smallest authority , has spent more than £ 5m subsidising the centre before 1996 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Anyone who witnessed the incident which happened at 1200 BST on Friday is asked to contact police or Crimestoppers .	Anyone who witnessed the incident which happened before 1201 BST on Friday is asked to contact police or Crimestoppers .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Anyone who witnessed the incident which happened at 1200 BST on Friday is asked to contact police or Crimestoppers .	Anyone who witnessed the incident which happened after 1200 BST on Friday is asked to contact police or Crimestoppers .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	James , though , may have been unsighted by Douglas , who jumped over the ball at the last second , and it sped past him as he stood immobile .	James , though , may have been unsighted by Douglas , who jumped over the ball after the last second , and it sped past him as he stood immobile .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	During its release week at the end of December , 70,000 people went to see the film , setting it up to possibly match Father Amaro 's popularity .	During its release week before the end of january , 70,000 people went to see the film , setting it up to possibly match Father Amaro 's popularity .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	During its release week at the end of December , 70,000 people went to see the film , setting it up to possibly match Father Amaro 's popularity .	During its release week after the end of December , 70,000 people went to see the film , setting it up to possibly match Father Amaro 's popularity .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	After the relative disappointment of 1992 's Erotica album , she took a turn towards R & B with Bedtime Stories two years later .	After the relative disappointment of 1992 's Erotica album , she took a turn towards R & B with Bedtime Stories two years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The flood waters began rising before dawn that morning , and initially the people of Galveston thought nothing of it . ''	The flood waters began rising at dawn that morning , and initially the people of Galveston thought nothing of it . ''	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The M1 has been closed in both directions between junctions 19 and 21 since about 1400 BST on Monday . ''	The M1 has been closed in both directions between junctions 19 and 21 since about 1402 BST on Monday . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The M1 has been closed in both directions between junctions 19 and 21 since about 1400 BST on Monday . ''	The M1 has been closed in both directions between junctions 19 and 21 before about 1400 BST on Monday . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	One week earlier , Ahmedinejad was declared the winner in a presidential ballot that gave him a commanding , some said implausible landslide win .	One week time , Ahmedinejad was declared the winner in a presidential ballot that gave him a commanding , some said implausible landslide win .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Still , Bradley and Studd picked out McCain early as a '' strong candidate '' after The Washington Post asked them to analyze a Republican candidates ' debate at the end of last year .	Still , Bradley and Studd picked out McCain early as a '' strong candidate '' after The Washington Post asked them to analyze a Republican candidates ' debate after the end of last year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Four months later the shares have plummeted to £ 1 .	Four months time the shares have plummeted to £ 1 .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr Reynolds-Evans had returned to Shrewsbury by train following a trip to Liverpool and had arrived at 2200 GMT .	Mr Reynolds-Evans had returned to Shrewsbury by train following a trip to Liverpool and had arrived before 2201 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr Reynolds-Evans had returned to Shrewsbury by train following a trip to Liverpool and had arrived at 2200 GMT .	Mr Reynolds-Evans had returned to Shrewsbury by train following a trip to Liverpool and had arrived after 2200 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Net interest income was impacted by the decrease in the prime rate which declined from 5.00 % at June 30 , 2008 to 3.25 % at June 30 , 2009 and variable rate loans repricing to the lower rate .	Net interest income was impacted by the decrease in the prime rate which declined from 5.00 % before july 30 , 2008 to 3.25 % at June 30 , 2009 and variable rate loans repricing to the lower rate .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Net interest income was impacted by the decrease in the prime rate which declined from 5.00 % at June 30 , 2008 to 3.25 % at June 30 , 2009 and variable rate loans repricing to the lower rate .	Net interest income was impacted by the decrease in the prime rate which declined from 5.00 % after June 30 , 2008 to 3.25 % at June 30 , 2009 and variable rate loans repricing to the lower rate .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It includes 240 items made in China between 1368 and 1644 -LRB- paintings , textiles , porcelain , lacquerwares , furniture and sculpture -RRB- .	It includes 240 items made in China between 1367 and 1644 -LRB- paintings , textiles , porcelain , lacquerwares , furniture and sculpture -RRB- .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	It includes 240 items made in China between 1368 and 1644 -LRB- paintings , textiles , porcelain , lacquerwares , furniture and sculpture -RRB- .	It includes 240 items made in China between 1369 and 1644 -LRB- paintings , textiles , porcelain , lacquerwares , furniture and sculpture -RRB- .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She was headed to the city 's central National Theater to attend a cultural festival when the attack occurred just before noon , said the presidential office .	She was headed to the city 's central National Theater to attend a cultural festival when the attack occurred just at noon , said the presidential office .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Despite a succession of 20-win seasons and a few Big East titles since 2002 , the Panthers haven ' t been able to advance past the round of 16 .	Despite a succession of 20-win seasons and a few Big East titles since 2004 , the Panthers haven ' t been able to advance past the round of 16 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Despite a succession of 20-win seasons and a few Big East titles since 2002 , the Panthers haven ' t been able to advance past the round of 16 .	Despite a succession of 20-win seasons and a few Big East titles before 2002 , the Panthers haven ' t been able to advance past the round of 16 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The US tranche of the deal was the first issue from a non-US lender since 2007 and Lloyds doubled the size of that issue to $ 1bn because of strong demand .	The US tranche of the deal was the first issue from a non-US lender since 2009 and Lloyds doubled the size of that issue to $ 1bn because of strong demand .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The US tranche of the deal was the first issue from a non-US lender since 2007 and Lloyds doubled the size of that issue to $ 1bn because of strong demand .	The US tranche of the deal was the first issue from a non-US lender before 2007 and Lloyds doubled the size of that issue to $ 1bn because of strong demand .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The project , worth about 3.4 billion euros -LRB- 5.2 billion dollars -RRB- between now and 2013 , is to be broken down into six sectors : Satellites , launch vehicles , softwear , ground relay stations , control centres , and overall management .	The project , worth about 3.4 billion euros -LRB- 5.2 billion dollars -RRB- between now and 2012 , is to be broken down into six sectors : Satellites , launch vehicles , softwear , ground relay stations , control centres , and overall management .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The project , worth about 3.4 billion euros -LRB- 5.2 billion dollars -RRB- between now and 2013 , is to be broken down into six sectors : Satellites , launch vehicles , softwear , ground relay stations , control centres , and overall management .	The project , worth about 3.4 billion euros -LRB- 5.2 billion dollars -RRB- between now and 2014 , is to be broken down into six sectors : Satellites , launch vehicles , softwear , ground relay stations , control centres , and overall management .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Newly appointed Kyrgyz security officials warned they would use every means to restore calm and bring an end to the nighttime lawlessness that terrorized Bishkek after Wednesday 's clashes .	Newly appointed Kyrgyz security officials warned they would use every means to restore calm and bring an end to the nighttime lawlessness that terrorized Bishkek at Wednesday 's clashes .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	On a day in which the American defense secretary made an unannounced visit to Iraq , the attack underscored the continuing struggle between Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia and the citizen patrols known as Awakening groups that have been credited with substantially reducing the number of attacks here since last summer .	On a day in which the American defense secretary made an unannounced visit to Iraq , the attack underscored the continuing struggle between Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia and the citizen patrols known as Awakening groups that have been credited with substantially reducing the number of attacks here since last winter .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	On a day in which the American defense secretary made an unannounced visit to Iraq , the attack underscored the continuing struggle between Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia and the citizen patrols known as Awakening groups that have been credited with substantially reducing the number of attacks here since last summer .	On a day in which the American defense secretary made an unannounced visit to Iraq , the attack underscored the continuing struggle between Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia and the citizen patrols known as Awakening groups that have been credited with substantially reducing the number of attacks here before last summer .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The officer was on his way to a crash on Windy Harbour junction on Garstang Road , Singleton , when the crash happened just after 1100 GMT .	The officer was on his way to a crash on Windy Harbour junction on Garstang Road , Singleton , when the crash happened just after 1101 GMT .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The officer was on his way to a crash on Windy Harbour junction on Garstang Road , Singleton , when the crash happened just after 1100 GMT .	The officer was on his way to a crash on Windy Harbour junction on Garstang Road , Singleton , when the crash happened just after 1099 GMT .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The officer was on his way to a crash on Windy Harbour junction on Garstang Road , Singleton , when the crash happened just after 1100 GMT .	The officer was on his way to a crash on Windy Harbour junction on Garstang Road , Singleton , when the crash happened just at 1100 GMT .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Patino was arrested shortly before 8 p.m. Polish men who are caught approaching prostitutes for sex will be given the Change Programme . ''	Patino was arrested shortly before 7 p.m. Polish men who are caught approaching prostitutes for sex will be given the Change Programme . ''	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Patino was arrested shortly before 8 p.m. Polish men who are caught approaching prostitutes for sex will be given the Change Programme . ''	Patino was arrested shortly before 9 p.m. Polish men who are caught approaching prostitutes for sex will be given the Change Programme . ''	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Patino was arrested shortly before 8 p.m. Polish men who are caught approaching prostitutes for sex will be given the Change Programme . ''	Patino was arrested shortly at 8 p.m. Polish men who are caught approaching prostitutes for sex will be given the Change Programme . ''	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sullivan brought his business acumen to bear on proceedings , and during the making of An American Tail he set up the deal that would send an even bigger shock-wave through the animation world than the original mass departure from Disney a few years earlier . ''	Sullivan brought his business acumen to bear on proceedings , and during the making of An American Tail he set up the deal that would send an even bigger shock-wave through the animation world than the original mass departure from Disney a few years time . ''	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	That included eight patients who were treated at the researchers ' respective medical centers between 2002 and 2009 , and nine of the patients whose cases were reported to the FDA .	That included eight patients who were treated at the researchers ' respective medical centers between 2001 and 2009 , and nine of the patients whose cases were reported to the FDA .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	That included eight patients who were treated at the researchers ' respective medical centers between 2002 and 2009 , and nine of the patients whose cases were reported to the FDA .	That included eight patients who were treated at the researchers ' respective medical centers between 2003 and 2009 , and nine of the patients whose cases were reported to the FDA .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They did not give any indication as to when they will deliver their ruling or whether it will be before Christmas .	They did not give any indication as to when they will deliver their ruling or whether it will be at Christmas .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Last year 's total of 1,370 cases in England , the highest since 1995 , looks certain to be exceeded .	Last year 's total of 1,370 cases in England , the highest since 1997 , looks certain to be exceeded .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Last year 's total of 1,370 cases in England , the highest since 1995 , looks certain to be exceeded .	Last year 's total of 1,370 cases in England , the highest before 1995 , looks certain to be exceeded .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	any weekday between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. .	any weekday between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	any weekday between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. .	any weekday between 10 a.m. and 5 p.m. .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Freedom House , which is funded by the US government and private groups and has been conducting an annual study of press freedom since 1980 , said that 72 countries were rated free the previous year .	Freedom House , which is funded by the US government and private groups and has been conducting an annual study of press freedom since 1982 , said that 72 countries were rated free the previous year .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Freedom House , which is funded by the US government and private groups and has been conducting an annual study of press freedom since 1980 , said that 72 countries were rated free the previous year .	Freedom House , which is funded by the US government and private groups and has been conducting an annual study of press freedom before 1980 , said that 72 countries were rated free the previous year .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ladbrokes also said Mantel 's odds of winning had been slashed from 12-1 since Friday with a large spike in bets making her the 5-2 favourite .	Ladbrokes also said Mantel 's odds of winning had been slashed from 12-1 before Friday with a large spike in bets making her the 5-2 favourite .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The BBC News website has won the People 's Voice prize in the news category at this year 's Webby Awards .	The BBC News website has won the People 's Voice prize in the news category after this year 's Webby Awards .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	16 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- None of the best original song Oscar contenders are scheduled to perform live at next month 's Academy Awards ceremony in Los Angeles , EW.com said Tuesday .	16 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- None of the best original song Oscar contenders are scheduled to perform live after next month 's Academy Awards ceremony in Los Angeles , EW.com said Tuesday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	That was a 1.3 percentage-point gain from April and the highest rate since 1993 .	That was a 1.3 percentage-point gain from April and the highest rate since 1995 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That was a 1.3 percentage-point gain from April and the highest rate since 1993 .	That was a 1.3 percentage-point gain from April and the highest rate before 1993 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The incident occurred at about 1400 GMT when staff at Toymaster in the Abbey Centre said two youths entered the store and attempted to steal sweets .	The incident occurred before about 1401 GMT when staff at Toymaster in the Abbey Centre said two youths entered the store and attempted to steal sweets .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The incident occurred at about 1400 GMT when staff at Toymaster in the Abbey Centre said two youths entered the store and attempted to steal sweets .	The incident occurred after about 1400 GMT when staff at Toymaster in the Abbey Centre said two youths entered the store and attempted to steal sweets .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Police said the incident was reported to them shortly after 1800 BST .	Police said the incident was reported to them shortly after 1801 BST .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Police said the incident was reported to them shortly after 1800 BST .	Police said the incident was reported to them shortly after 1799 BST .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Police said the incident was reported to them shortly after 1800 BST .	Police said the incident was reported to them shortly at 1800 BST .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Southern California has had a very dry rainy season , and it will be the first time since April 2006 that so much rain has fallen from a single storm , Seto said .	Southern California has had a very dry rainy season , and it will be the first time since june 2006 that so much rain has fallen from a single storm , Seto said .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Southern California has had a very dry rainy season , and it will be the first time since April 2006 that so much rain has fallen from a single storm , Seto said .	Southern California has had a very dry rainy season , and it will be the first time before April 2006 that so much rain has fallen from a single storm , Seto said .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Hartford , Conn.-based company said Wednesday it earned $ 277.3 million , or 58 cents per share , compared with $ 496.7 million , or 95 cents per share , a year earlier .	The Hartford , Conn.-based company said Wednesday it earned $ 277.3 million , or 58 cents per share , compared with $ 496.7 million , or 95 cents per share , a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The collection of 1,500 gold and silver pieces has been on display at Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery since 25 September .	The collection of 1,500 gold and silver pieces has been on display at Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery since 27 September .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The collection of 1,500 gold and silver pieces has been on display at Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery since 25 September .	The collection of 1,500 gold and silver pieces has been on display at Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery before 25 September .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Terror suspect Abdulmutallab , who is charged with attempting to destroy the Christmas Day Northwest Airlines Flight 253 , was president of the society between 2006 and 2007 .	Terror suspect Abdulmutallab , who is charged with attempting to destroy the Christmas Day Northwest Airlines Flight 253 , was president of the society between 2005 and 2007 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Terror suspect Abdulmutallab , who is charged with attempting to destroy the Christmas Day Northwest Airlines Flight 253 , was president of the society between 2006 and 2007 .	Terror suspect Abdulmutallab , who is charged with attempting to destroy the Christmas Day Northwest Airlines Flight 253 , was president of the society between 2007 and 2007 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Taxpayers are getting worse value for money from the billions of pounds invested in schools by Labour than at the start of the decade , official figures showed .	Taxpayers are getting worse value for money from the billions of pounds invested in schools by Labour than after the start of the decade , official figures showed .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Also , a 125-acre wildfire in the San Bernardino National Forest burning since Saturday forced the closure of a five-mile stretch of highway about 40 miles northwest of San Bernardino .	Also , a 125-acre wildfire in the San Bernardino National Forest burning before Saturday forced the closure of a five-mile stretch of highway about 40 miles northwest of San Bernardino .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The all-Belfast clash will start at 1315 GMT on Saturday 4 , April at Glentoran 's Oval ground .	The all-Belfast clash will start before 1316 GMT on Saturday 4 , April at Glentoran 's Oval ground .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The all-Belfast clash will start at 1315 GMT on Saturday 4 , April at Glentoran 's Oval ground .	The all-Belfast clash will start after 1315 GMT on Saturday 4 , April at Glentoran 's Oval ground .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Located in the heart of Westwood Village at 1028 Westwood Blvd .	Located in the heart of Westwood Village before 1029 Westwood Blvd .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Located in the heart of Westwood Village at 1028 Westwood Blvd .	Located in the heart of Westwood Village after 1028 Westwood Blvd .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	EARLIER this year , when Lance Winters heard that absinthe was being sold in the United States again for the first time since 1912 , he shrugged it off .	EARLIER this year , when Lance Winters heard that absinthe was being sold in the United States again for the first time since 1914 , he shrugged it off .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	EARLIER this year , when Lance Winters heard that absinthe was being sold in the United States again for the first time since 1912 , he shrugged it off .	EARLIER this year , when Lance Winters heard that absinthe was being sold in the United States again for the first time before 1912 , he shrugged it off .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Citing recent reports that the UN Millennium Development Goal to reduce maternal mortality by 75 % by 2015 is unlikely to be met in Asia until 2076 and many years later in Africa , they challenged world leaders to move from empty pledges to definitive action , underscoring that 99 % of maternal deaths occur in developing nations and jeopardize progress to reduce infant mortality and combat HIV / AIDS and malaria . ''	Citing recent reports that the UN Millennium Development Goal to reduce maternal mortality by 75 % by 2015 is unlikely to be met in Asia until 2076 and many years time in Africa , they challenged world leaders to move from empty pledges to definitive action , underscoring that 99 % of maternal deaths occur in developing nations and jeopardize progress to reduce infant mortality and combat HIV / AIDS and malaria . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	As a result , the Commission 's toll-free help line , 1-888-CALL-FCC , received 55,374 calls from consumers Thursday , a dramatic increase from the average of 15,000 per day the Commission had been receiving since May 1 . ''	As a result , the Commission 's toll-free help line , 1-888-CALL-FCC , received 55,374 calls from consumers Thursday , a dramatic increase from the average of 15,000 per day the Commission had been receiving since july 1 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	As a result , the Commission 's toll-free help line , 1-888-CALL-FCC , received 55,374 calls from consumers Thursday , a dramatic increase from the average of 15,000 per day the Commission had been receiving since May 1 . ''	As a result , the Commission 's toll-free help line , 1-888-CALL-FCC , received 55,374 calls from consumers Thursday , a dramatic increase from the average of 15,000 per day the Commission had been receiving before May 1 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He also directs music videos , has a small independent record label called Masses Music in Los Angeles and is planning to direct a film at the end of next year .	He also directs music videos , has a small independent record label called Masses Music in Los Angeles and is planning to direct a film after the end of next year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The government coalition collapsed one month later over whether Serbia should pursue EU membership despite the bloc 's support for Kosovo .	The government coalition collapsed one month time over whether Serbia should pursue EU membership despite the bloc 's support for Kosovo .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner has urged the Group of 20 nations to agree on new capital levels by the end of 2010 and put them in place two years later .	Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner has urged the Group of 20 nations to agree on new capital levels by the end of 2010 and put them in place two years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said more than 500,000 displaced people from the Swat region have registered with the agency since the beginning of May .	The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said more than 500,000 displaced people from the Swat region have registered with the agency since the beginning of july .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said more than 500,000 displaced people from the Swat region have registered with the agency since the beginning of May .	The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said more than 500,000 displaced people from the Swat region have registered with the agency before the beginning of May .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I have to be honest with you : When Barack opened his campaign right across the street first , and less than a week later Hillary opened up hers , I never thought I would see the day in Delaware County that I would see two presidential candidates in our downtown block , '' said Mel Corroto , a lifelong Democrat who owns Beehive Books along Delaware 's main street . ''	I have to be honest with you : When Barack opened his campaign right across the street first , and less than a week time Hillary opened up hers , I never thought I would see the day in Delaware County that I would see two presidential candidates in our downtown block , '' said Mel Corroto , a lifelong Democrat who owns Beehive Books along Delaware 's main street . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Economists at Unicredit estimate that the 2 per cent appreciation in the euro 's trade-weighted index since July will cut 0.2 percentage points off eurozone growth over two years .	Economists at Unicredit estimate that the 2 per cent appreciation in the euro 's trade-weighted index since september will cut 0.2 percentage points off eurozone growth over two years .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Economists at Unicredit estimate that the 2 per cent appreciation in the euro 's trade-weighted index since July will cut 0.2 percentage points off eurozone growth over two years .	Economists at Unicredit estimate that the 2 per cent appreciation in the euro 's trade-weighted index before July will cut 0.2 percentage points off eurozone growth over two years .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The so-called beauty parade of investment banks is a key step in the preparations for any I.P.O. , and the fact the bank has invited presentations is a concrete sign that it is pushing ahead with a listing in Shanghai and Hong Kong , possibly before the end of this year .	The so-called beauty parade of investment banks is a key step in the preparations for any I.P.O. , and the fact the bank has invited presentations is a concrete sign that it is pushing ahead with a listing in Shanghai and Hong Kong , possibly at the end of this year .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Cambridgeshire Police was called at about 0920 BST to reports that a group of people had got out of a foreign lorry in West Way , Sawston .	Cambridgeshire Police was called before about 921 BST to reports that a group of people had got out of a foreign lorry in West Way , Sawston .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Cambridgeshire Police was called at about 0920 BST to reports that a group of people had got out of a foreign lorry in West Way , Sawston .	Cambridgeshire Police was called after about 0920 BST to reports that a group of people had got out of a foreign lorry in West Way , Sawston .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But now , after last week 's disagreeable jobs report , Wall Street is more nervous than ever over the possibility that even the expected quarter-point rate cut next week may not be enough to save the economy from slipping into recession and stocks from sliding into negative territory for the year . ''	But now , at last week 's disagreeable jobs report , Wall Street is more nervous than ever over the possibility that even the expected quarter-point rate cut next week may not be enough to save the economy from slipping into recession and stocks from sliding into negative territory for the year . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Good , we got a great egret , '' said Miller , adding it to the list of close to 60 species sighted by early afternoon on the cold , crisp day after Christmas at the Heard Wildlife Sanctuary in McKinney , a fast-growing city just north of Dallas .	Good , we got a great egret , '' said Miller , adding it to the list of close to 60 species sighted by early afternoon on the cold , crisp day at Christmas at the Heard Wildlife Sanctuary in McKinney , a fast-growing city just north of Dallas .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Three years later she returned to England with her brother and sister for higher education . ''	Three years time she returned to England with her brother and sister for higher education . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	We slipped into Matabeleland with the help of local people , and gathered evidence of some of the massacres carried out there between 1982 and 1986 .	We slipped into Matabeleland with the help of local people , and gathered evidence of some of the massacres carried out there between 1981 and 1986 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	We slipped into Matabeleland with the help of local people , and gathered evidence of some of the massacres carried out there between 1982 and 1986 .	We slipped into Matabeleland with the help of local people , and gathered evidence of some of the massacres carried out there between 1983 and 1986 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Sometimes I feel as if I 'm at summer camp here -- on vacation , '' said Mr. Grey , who visits his home in this laid-back , beach-chic spot south of Los Angeles about six times a year .	Sometimes I feel as if I 'm before autumn camp here -- on vacation , '' said Mr. Grey , who visits his home in this laid-back , beach-chic spot south of Los Angeles about six times a year .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sometimes I feel as if I 'm at summer camp here -- on vacation , '' said Mr. Grey , who visits his home in this laid-back , beach-chic spot south of Los Angeles about six times a year .	Sometimes I feel as if I 'm after summer camp here -- on vacation , '' said Mr. Grey , who visits his home in this laid-back , beach-chic spot south of Los Angeles about six times a year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Almost nine years later , GM is at the brink of bankruptcy .	Almost nine years time , GM is at the brink of bankruptcy .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The research follows findings released by Rightmove earlier in the week which showed that sellers had cut their asking prices by 2.9 per cent during the four weeks to November 8 in a bid to find a buyer before Christmas .	The research follows findings released by Rightmove earlier in the week which showed that sellers had cut their asking prices by 2.9 per cent during the four weeks to November 8 in a bid to find a buyer at Christmas .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Raymar Morgan 's basket with 1 : 09 left pulled the Spartans to within one at 56-55 , and MSU got the ball back after DeShawn Sims air-balled a subsequent field goal try for Michigan .	Raymar Morgan 's basket with 1 : 09 left pulled the Spartans to within one after 56-55 , and MSU got the ball back after DeShawn Sims air-balled a subsequent field goal try for Michigan .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mathews trapped Boucher lbw for a brisk 26 off 29 as the Proteas seemed to be regaining some momentum , and Johan Botha went for a similarly hard-hitting 21 off 20 at 198-7 . ''	Mathews trapped Boucher lbw for a brisk 26 off 29 as the Proteas seemed to be regaining some momentum , and Johan Botha went for a similarly hard-hitting 21 off 20 after 198-7 . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The median size of all single , detached and manufactured or mobile homes rose slightly since 2005 , to 1,769 square feet -LRB- and to 2,304 for homes built in the previous four years -RRB- .	The median size of all single , detached and manufactured or mobile homes rose slightly since 2007 , to 1,769 square feet -LRB- and to 2,304 for homes built in the previous four years -RRB- .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The median size of all single , detached and manufactured or mobile homes rose slightly since 2005 , to 1,769 square feet -LRB- and to 2,304 for homes built in the previous four years -RRB- .	The median size of all single , detached and manufactured or mobile homes rose slightly before 2005 , to 1,769 square feet -LRB- and to 2,304 for homes built in the previous four years -RRB- .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The area , once Cyprus 's gateway to the world , is now a United Nations compound on the outskirts of the divided capital , within sight of a complex where leaders of the two communities have been holding reunification talks since September 2008 .	The area , once Cyprus 's gateway to the world , is now a United Nations compound on the outskirts of the divided capital , within sight of a complex where leaders of the two communities have been holding reunification talks since november 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The area , once Cyprus 's gateway to the world , is now a United Nations compound on the outskirts of the divided capital , within sight of a complex where leaders of the two communities have been holding reunification talks since September 2008 .	The area , once Cyprus 's gateway to the world , is now a United Nations compound on the outskirts of the divided capital , within sight of a complex where leaders of the two communities have been holding reunification talks before September 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Operating profit rose 49.0 percent to 167.75 billion yen , on revenue of 1.36 trillion yen , up 21.8 percent from a year earlier , it said .	Operating profit rose 49.0 percent to 167.75 billion yen , on revenue of 1.36 trillion yen , up 21.8 percent from a year time , it said .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	For some it 's world cruises , golf and grandchildren , for others charity work , pink gins at lunchtime or getting up late .	For some it 's world cruises , golf and grandchildren , for others charity work , pink gins after lunchtime or getting up late .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	That trail led him to the Red Cross Museum in Geneva , and to the card indexes and registers compiled between 1914 and 1918 ; during that period the Red Cross had acted as a go-between , logging , and passing on information to 30 countries drawn into the conflict .	That trail led him to the Red Cross Museum in Geneva , and to the card indexes and registers compiled between 1913 and 1918 ; during that period the Red Cross had acted as a go-between , logging , and passing on information to 30 countries drawn into the conflict .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	That trail led him to the Red Cross Museum in Geneva , and to the card indexes and registers compiled between 1914 and 1918 ; during that period the Red Cross had acted as a go-between , logging , and passing on information to 30 countries drawn into the conflict .	That trail led him to the Red Cross Museum in Geneva , and to the card indexes and registers compiled between 1915 and 1918 ; during that period the Red Cross had acted as a go-between , logging , and passing on information to 30 countries drawn into the conflict .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Bankers under fire for accepting multi-million dollar bonuses barely a year later will not thank Paulson for this book .	Bankers under fire for accepting multi-million dollar bonuses barely a year time will not thank Paulson for this book .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	All at once .	All after once .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Forty-eight hours later , on Laurie 's first day off in months , '' House 's '' snappish inflections and caustic humor have yielded to the actor 's own Eton-bred burr and dry waggishness . ''	Forty-eight hours time , on Laurie 's first day off in months , '' House 's '' snappish inflections and caustic humor have yielded to the actor 's own Eton-bred burr and dry waggishness . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	One at the end of summer , and another in October / November .	One before the end of autumn , and another in October / November .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	One at the end of summer , and another in October / November .	One after the end of summer , and another in October / November .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Twelve minutes later , lock Tim Swinson collected Newcastle 's second score , following up efficiently after Young had been stopped just short as he darted from a ruck near the line .	Twelve minutes time , lock Tim Swinson collected Newcastle 's second score , following up efficiently after Young had been stopped just short as he darted from a ruck near the line .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Just a few months earlier , Mr Ramos-Horta - seen as a friend of the West - had been touted as a possible candidate to replace Kofi Annan as UN secretary general .	Just a few months time , Mr Ramos-Horta - seen as a friend of the West - had been touted as a possible candidate to replace Kofi Annan as UN secretary general .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But the mullahs have been launching attacks on America since 1979 .	But the mullahs have been launching attacks on America since 1981 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But the mullahs have been launching attacks on America since 1979 .	But the mullahs have been launching attacks on America before 1979 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The incident happened in Robertson Lane at about 0400 GMT on Sunday .	The incident happened in Robertson Lane before about 401 GMT on Sunday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The incident happened in Robertson Lane at about 0400 GMT on Sunday .	The incident happened in Robertson Lane after about 0400 GMT on Sunday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A flash and eruption of dust follow seconds later .	A flash and eruption of dust follow seconds time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The daughters became pregnant 18 times and , between 1975 and 2008 , the family came into contact with 28 different agencies , involving more than 100 professionals .	The daughters became pregnant 18 times and , between 1974 and 2008 , the family came into contact with 28 different agencies , involving more than 100 professionals .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The daughters became pregnant 18 times and , between 1975 and 2008 , the family came into contact with 28 different agencies , involving more than 100 professionals .	The daughters became pregnant 18 times and , between 1976 and 2008 , the family came into contact with 28 different agencies , involving more than 100 professionals .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	He and his training partner Luke Jones left at 0400 GMT on Sunday to drive from west to north Wales in order to catch the 1530 ferry from Holyhead .	He and his training partner Luke Jones left before 401 GMT on Sunday to drive from west to north Wales in order to catch the 1530 ferry from Holyhead .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He and his training partner Luke Jones left at 0400 GMT on Sunday to drive from west to north Wales in order to catch the 1530 ferry from Holyhead .	He and his training partner Luke Jones left after 0400 GMT on Sunday to drive from west to north Wales in order to catch the 1530 ferry from Holyhead .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He lost a large chunk of my regard after 2000 .	He lost a large chunk of my regard after 2001 .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	He lost a large chunk of my regard after 2000 .	He lost a large chunk of my regard after 1999 .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He lost a large chunk of my regard after 2000 .	He lost a large chunk of my regard at 2000 .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It took the annual rate of output price inflation to 3.5 % , which is the highest rate since January 2009 .	It took the annual rate of output price inflation to 3.5 % , which is the highest rate since march 2009 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It took the annual rate of output price inflation to 3.5 % , which is the highest rate since January 2009 .	It took the annual rate of output price inflation to 3.5 % , which is the highest rate before January 2009 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	MOSCOW -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Russia has launched a project to create a new generation of spacecraft and boosters , the head of national space administration said on Friday , making clear that they would not appear on orbit before 2020 .	MOSCOW -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Russia has launched a project to create a new generation of spacecraft and boosters , the head of national space administration said on Friday , making clear that they would not appear on orbit before 2019 .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	MOSCOW -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Russia has launched a project to create a new generation of spacecraft and boosters , the head of national space administration said on Friday , making clear that they would not appear on orbit before 2020 .	MOSCOW -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Russia has launched a project to create a new generation of spacecraft and boosters , the head of national space administration said on Friday , making clear that they would not appear on orbit before 2021 .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	MOSCOW -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Russia has launched a project to create a new generation of spacecraft and boosters , the head of national space administration said on Friday , making clear that they would not appear on orbit before 2020 .	MOSCOW -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Russia has launched a project to create a new generation of spacecraft and boosters , the head of national space administration said on Friday , making clear that they would not appear on orbit at 2020 .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Meredith went to Italy at the end of August , as part of her undergraduate degree course , and was excited at the prospect of spending the year studying there to improve her language skills , make new friends and immerse herself in the culture .	Meredith went to Italy before the end of september , as part of her undergraduate degree course , and was excited at the prospect of spending the year studying there to improve her language skills , make new friends and immerse herself in the culture .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Meredith went to Italy at the end of August , as part of her undergraduate degree course , and was excited at the prospect of spending the year studying there to improve her language skills , make new friends and immerse herself in the culture .	Meredith went to Italy after the end of August , as part of her undergraduate degree course , and was excited at the prospect of spending the year studying there to improve her language skills , make new friends and immerse herself in the culture .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	ISLAMABAD -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf 's opponents headed for a big election victory on Tuesday after voters rejected his former ruling party , raising questions about the future of the U.S. ally who has ruled since 1999 .	ISLAMABAD -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf 's opponents headed for a big election victory on Tuesday after voters rejected his former ruling party , raising questions about the future of the U.S. ally who has ruled since 2001 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	ISLAMABAD -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf 's opponents headed for a big election victory on Tuesday after voters rejected his former ruling party , raising questions about the future of the U.S. ally who has ruled since 1999 .	ISLAMABAD -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf 's opponents headed for a big election victory on Tuesday after voters rejected his former ruling party , raising questions about the future of the U.S. ally who has ruled before 1999 .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Halil Unal was attacked two weeks later by the girl 's father , Mehmet Goren , who hit him in the neck with an axe after luring him into an alley , the Old Bailey was told .	Halil Unal was attacked two weeks time by the girl 's father , Mehmet Goren , who hit him in the neck with an axe after luring him into an alley , the Old Bailey was told .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	More than two dozen plays and musicals have been closed since Nov .	More than two dozen plays and musicals have been closed before Nov .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Running back Kevin Faulk has been with the Patriots since 1999 , one year before Brady arrived as a sixth-round draft pick from Michigan .	Running back Kevin Faulk has been with the Patriots since 2001 , one year before Brady arrived as a sixth-round draft pick from Michigan .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Running back Kevin Faulk has been with the Patriots since 1999 , one year before Brady arrived as a sixth-round draft pick from Michigan .	Running back Kevin Faulk has been with the Patriots before 1999 , one year before Brady arrived as a sixth-round draft pick from Michigan .	#promptID#	since_date	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The military communication line was reopened before 8 a.m. , and North Korea later sent a letter of approval for border traffic by fax , '' Lee Jong-ju , a spokesman for South Korea 's unification ministry , told reporters in Seoul .	The military communication line was reopened before 7 a.m. , and North Korea later sent a letter of approval for border traffic by fax , '' Lee Jong-ju , a spokesman for South Korea 's unification ministry , told reporters in Seoul .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The military communication line was reopened before 8 a.m. , and North Korea later sent a letter of approval for border traffic by fax , '' Lee Jong-ju , a spokesman for South Korea 's unification ministry , told reporters in Seoul .	The military communication line was reopened before 9 a.m. , and North Korea later sent a letter of approval for border traffic by fax , '' Lee Jong-ju , a spokesman for South Korea 's unification ministry , told reporters in Seoul .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The military communication line was reopened before 8 a.m. , and North Korea later sent a letter of approval for border traffic by fax , '' Lee Jong-ju , a spokesman for South Korea 's unification ministry , told reporters in Seoul .	The military communication line was reopened at 8 a.m. , and North Korea later sent a letter of approval for border traffic by fax , '' Lee Jong-ju , a spokesman for South Korea 's unification ministry , told reporters in Seoul .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Six years later , they bought the property , which has two lodges , three cottages and 100 acres , on a 60-year lease -- the remainder of which they are now selling .	Six years time , they bought the property , which has two lodges , three cottages and 100 acres , on a 60-year lease -- the remainder of which they are now selling .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two months later , the U.S. Supreme Court legalized abortion in its landmark Roe v. Wade decision .	Two months time , the U.S. Supreme Court legalized abortion in its landmark Roe v. Wade decision .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Wakata will be taking over as a space station flight engineer from NASA 's Sandra Magnus , who has been in orbit since November and is due to ride back to Earth aboard Discovery .	Wakata will be taking over as a space station flight engineer from NASA 's Sandra Magnus , who has been in orbit since january and is due to ride back to Earth aboard Discovery .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	He produced skis in Canada and served as technical director of the Austrian Ski Federation between 1972 and 1976 . ''	He produced skis in Canada and served as technical director of the Austrian Ski Federation between 1971 and 1976 . ''	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	He produced skis in Canada and served as technical director of the Austrian Ski Federation between 1972 and 1976 . ''	He produced skis in Canada and served as technical director of the Austrian Ski Federation between 1973 and 1976 . ''	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 55-year-old Aberdeen man was out walking with friends on Saturday when the accident happened at 1600 GMT .	The 55-year-old Aberdeen man was out walking with friends on Saturday when the accident happened before 1601 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The 55-year-old Aberdeen man was out walking with friends on Saturday when the accident happened at 1600 GMT .	The 55-year-old Aberdeen man was out walking with friends on Saturday when the accident happened after 1600 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Stop Stansted Expansion group said it expected a government decision on those plans before the end of the year .	The Stop Stansted Expansion group said it expected a government decision on those plans at the end of the year .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The last month has been the hottest , driest and sunniest since July 2006 .	The last month has been the hottest , driest and sunniest since september 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	-LRB- AP -RRB- - Cubs manager Lou Piniella thinks there is still plenty of time to get pitcher Rich Harden enough work before spring training ends .	-LRB- AP -RRB- - Cubs manager Lou Piniella thinks there is still plenty of time to get pitcher Rich Harden enough work before winter training ends .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	-LRB- AP -RRB- - Cubs manager Lou Piniella thinks there is still plenty of time to get pitcher Rich Harden enough work before spring training ends .	-LRB- AP -RRB- - Cubs manager Lou Piniella thinks there is still plenty of time to get pitcher Rich Harden enough work before summer training ends .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	-LRB- AP -RRB- - Cubs manager Lou Piniella thinks there is still plenty of time to get pitcher Rich Harden enough work before spring training ends .	-LRB- AP -RRB- - Cubs manager Lou Piniella thinks there is still plenty of time to get pitcher Rich Harden enough work at spring training ends .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mosley will be at next weekend 's Monaco GP but skipped the preceding Turkish and Spanish GPs after the Crown Prince of Bahrain asked him not to attend the Bahrain GP in April .	Mosley will be after next weekend 's Monaco GP but skipped the preceding Turkish and Spanish GPs after the Crown Prince of Bahrain asked him not to attend the Bahrain GP in April .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Retailers and Web sites dedicated to Black Friday deals have leaked sales plans earlier than usual , in the hopes of sparking demand for flat-panel televisions , toys and other goods after 2008 's worst holiday season in decades .	Retailers and Web sites dedicated to Black Friday deals have leaked sales plans earlier than usual , in the hopes of sparking demand for flat-panel televisions , toys and other goods after 2009 's worst holiday season in decades .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Retailers and Web sites dedicated to Black Friday deals have leaked sales plans earlier than usual , in the hopes of sparking demand for flat-panel televisions , toys and other goods after 2008 's worst holiday season in decades .	Retailers and Web sites dedicated to Black Friday deals have leaked sales plans earlier than usual , in the hopes of sparking demand for flat-panel televisions , toys and other goods after 2007 's worst holiday season in decades .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Retailers and Web sites dedicated to Black Friday deals have leaked sales plans earlier than usual , in the hopes of sparking demand for flat-panel televisions , toys and other goods after 2008 's worst holiday season in decades .	Retailers and Web sites dedicated to Black Friday deals have leaked sales plans earlier than usual , in the hopes of sparking demand for flat-panel televisions , toys and other goods at 2008 's worst holiday season in decades .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Britain 's economy is teetering on the brink of recession as official figures showed that output ground to a halt between April and the end of June .	Britain 's economy is teetering on the brink of recession as official figures showed that output ground to a halt between march and the end of June .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Britain 's economy is teetering on the brink of recession as official figures showed that output ground to a halt between April and the end of June .	Britain 's economy is teetering on the brink of recession as official figures showed that output ground to a halt between may and the end of June .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Some 23,937 adults across 23 countries were polled for the BBC World Service between 8 July and 12 September .	Some 23,937 adults across 23 countries were polled for the BBC World Service between 7 July and 12 September .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Some 23,937 adults across 23 countries were polled for the BBC World Service between 8 July and 12 September .	Some 23,937 adults across 23 countries were polled for the BBC World Service between 9 July and 12 September .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Conseil national de la securite routiere -LRB- CNSR -RRB- , since 2003 .	Conseil national de la securite routiere -LRB- CNSR -RRB- , since 2005 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The job cuts which were announced in November , will take effect at the end of March . ''	The job cuts which were announced in November , will take effect before the end of april . ''	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The job cuts which were announced in November , will take effect at the end of March . ''	The job cuts which were announced in November , will take effect after the end of March . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Days of heavy rains loosed mud and boulders that rolled down the slopes of the Chichontepec volcano before dawn Sunday , burying homes and cars in Verapaz , a town of about 3,000 people 30 miles -LRB- 50 kilometers -RRB- outside the capital , San Salvador .	Days of heavy rains loosed mud and boulders that rolled down the slopes of the Chichontepec volcano at dawn Sunday , burying homes and cars in Verapaz , a town of about 3,000 people 30 miles -LRB- 50 kilometers -RRB- outside the capital , San Salvador .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But several months later , a Secret Service agent , Seth Reeg , checked Facebook again - and up popped Maxi Sopo .	But several months time , a Secret Service agent , Seth Reeg , checked Facebook again - and up popped Maxi Sopo .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The May 6 shootings and subsequent police warnings that the killer might be targeting Jews sparked fear throughout the region until Morgan surrendered to police two days later at a convenience store in nearby Meriden .	The May 6 shootings and subsequent police warnings that the killer might be targeting Jews sparked fear throughout the region until Morgan surrendered to police two days time at a convenience store in nearby Meriden .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Revenue rose 18 percent , to $ 859 million , from $ 730 million a year earlier .	Revenue rose 18 percent , to $ 859 million , from $ 730 million a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The visit -- Gates 's eighth as defence secretary -- also coincides with negotiations over a controversial security pact to govern the presence of US forces in Iraq when their UN mandate expires at the end of the year .	The visit -- Gates 's eighth as defence secretary -- also coincides with negotiations over a controversial security pact to govern the presence of US forces in Iraq when their UN mandate expires after the end of the year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Industrial production , however , is falling faster than at any time since 1981 , while financial services have so far escaped lightly .	Industrial production , however , is falling faster than at any time since 1983 , while financial services have so far escaped lightly .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 54-year-old man was entering his Upper Malone Gardens home at about 0100 BST on Monday when he was approached by at least one masked man .	The 54-year-old man was entering his Upper Malone Gardens home before about 101 BST on Monday when he was approached by at least one masked man .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The 54-year-old man was entering his Upper Malone Gardens home at about 0100 BST on Monday when he was approached by at least one masked man .	The 54-year-old man was entering his Upper Malone Gardens home after about 0100 BST on Monday when he was approached by at least one masked man .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She didn ' t arrive at a specialized hospital in Montreal until about four hours after the second 911 call from her hotel room at the Mont Tremblant resort , according to a timeline published by Canada 's The Globe and Mail newspaper .	She didn ' t arrive at a specialized hospital in Montreal until about four hours at the second 911 call from her hotel room at the Mont Tremblant resort , according to a timeline published by Canada 's The Globe and Mail newspaper .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Selling tickets online for the first time , the Maryland Public Secondary Schools Athletic Association set an attendance record for its football championships in December and administrators hope to duplicate that success at this weekend 's state basketball tournaments .	Selling tickets online for the first time , the Maryland Public Secondary Schools Athletic Association set an attendance record for its football championships in December and administrators hope to duplicate that success after this weekend 's state basketball tournaments .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Last week saw the biggest fall in oil prices since January last year , when the price slipped below $ 50 a barrel .	Last week saw the biggest fall in oil prices since march last year , when the price slipped below $ 50 a barrel .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Markit iTraxx HiVol index briefly went below 200bp for the first time since September , though the Series 10 is trading round 225bp .	The Markit iTraxx HiVol index briefly went below 200bp for the first time since november , though the Series 10 is trading round 225bp .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But the government 's yearlong program doesn ' t extend those guarantees to funds that broke the buck before Friday , so many Primary Fund investors can expect losses .	But the government 's yearlong program doesn ' t extend those guarantees to funds that broke the buck at Friday , so many Primary Fund investors can expect losses .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Stewart , of Grampian Way , Thorne , South Yorkshire , admitted nine counts of sexual activity with a child , in relation to the 15-year-old girl , between October and December 2007 .	Stewart , of Grampian Way , Thorne , South Yorkshire , admitted nine counts of sexual activity with a child , in relation to the 15-year-old girl , between september and December 2007 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Stewart , of Grampian Way , Thorne , South Yorkshire , admitted nine counts of sexual activity with a child , in relation to the 15-year-old girl , between October and December 2007 .	Stewart , of Grampian Way , Thorne , South Yorkshire , admitted nine counts of sexual activity with a child , in relation to the 15-year-old girl , between november and December 2007 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Without the 24-hour permit , construction is allowed between 7 a.m. and 9 p.m. .	Without the 24-hour permit , construction is allowed between 6 a.m. and 9 p.m. .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Without the 24-hour permit , construction is allowed between 7 a.m. and 9 p.m. .	Without the 24-hour permit , construction is allowed between 8 a.m. and 9 p.m. .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	All these years later , Truscott , who doesn ' t talk much any more about his ordeal , is free and not guilty , but still has not been declared innocent of a murder that science said he could not have committed .	All these years time , Truscott , who doesn ' t talk much any more about his ordeal , is free and not guilty , but still has not been declared innocent of a murder that science said he could not have committed .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It only found out six weeks later from the girl 's plastic surgeon .	It only found out six weeks time from the girl 's plastic surgeon .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Ford Motor Co posted a 2 percent sales increase , its first gain since late 2007 and the first for any of the major automakers since the financial crisis exploded after the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers .	Ford Motor Co posted a 2 percent sales increase , its first gain since late 2009 and the first for any of the major automakers since the financial crisis exploded after the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	More than two years later , 300 soldiers remain , with the Louisiana National Guard still operating its command post from the Dixieland conference room in a downtown Holiday Inn .	More than two years time , 300 soldiers remain , with the Louisiana National Guard still operating its command post from the Dixieland conference room in a downtown Holiday Inn .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The incident , in which no one was seriously hurt , took place just after midnight in Times Square during shooting for a Disney film '' The Sorcerer 's Apprentice , '' the New York Post reported .	The incident , in which no one was seriously hurt , took place just at midnight in Times Square during shooting for a Disney film '' The Sorcerer 's Apprentice , '' the New York Post reported .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Police said the woman was walking home from Barking Station at about 1840 GMT when she was attacked from behind by two men who grabbed her handbag .	Police said the woman was walking home from Barking Station before about 1841 GMT when she was attacked from behind by two men who grabbed her handbag .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Police said the woman was walking home from Barking Station at about 1840 GMT when she was attacked from behind by two men who grabbed her handbag .	Police said the woman was walking home from Barking Station after about 1840 GMT when she was attacked from behind by two men who grabbed her handbag .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Lewis finished tied for third at last week 's US Open .	Lewis finished tied for third after last week 's US Open .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nesterenko said the Peter the Great missile cruiser and three other Russian navy ships would visit Venezuela before the year 's end , and would be joined by a unit of long-range anti-submarine patrol aircraft .	Nesterenko said the Peter the Great missile cruiser and three other Russian navy ships would visit Venezuela at the year 's end , and would be joined by a unit of long-range anti-submarine patrol aircraft .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	This was the first month that the central bank 's Monetary Policy Committee had left interest rates on hold since last September , having cut them by a total of 4.5 percentage points to tackle Britain 's first economic recession since the early 1990s .	This was the first month that the central bank 's Monetary Policy Committee had left interest rates on hold since last november , having cut them by a total of 4.5 percentage points to tackle Britain 's first economic recession since the early 1990s .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Yonath , 70 , is only the fourth woman to win the Nobel chemistry prize and the first since 1964 .	Yonath , 70 , is only the fourth woman to win the Nobel chemistry prize and the first since 1966 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	On the macro front , optimism engendered by the first month-on-month rise in US house prices since July 2006 was dampened by consumer confidence falling for the second consecutive month .	On the macro front , optimism engendered by the first month-on-month rise in US house prices since september 2006 was dampened by consumer confidence falling for the second consecutive month .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 33-year-old mother has been jobless since 1999 , living on disability payments , food stamps and student loans .	The 33-year-old mother has been jobless since 2001 , living on disability payments , food stamps and student loans .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Lee 's four-day trip will begin Sunday during which he will be the chief guest at next Tuesday 's Republic Day parade , a spectacular and mammoth event to mark the day India became a republic in 1950 after winning freedom from Britain .	Lee 's four-day trip will begin Sunday during which he will be the chief guest after next Tuesday 's Republic Day parade , a spectacular and mammoth event to mark the day India became a republic in 1950 after winning freedom from Britain .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	McDade , 48 , had been the global head of equities unit while Lowitt , 44 , served as co-chief asset officer since October 2006 . ''	McDade , 48 , had been the global head of equities unit while Lowitt , 44 , served as co-chief asset officer since december 2006 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	West said he was arrested at his hotel room several hours later because a complaint had been filed .	West said he was arrested at his hotel room several hours time because a complaint had been filed .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Doris Lessing 's interview will be broadcast on Front Row on 12 May at 1915 BST on BBC Radio 4 .	Doris Lessing 's interview will be broadcast on Front Row on 12 May before 1916 BST on BBC Radio 4 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Doris Lessing 's interview will be broadcast on Front Row on 12 May at 1915 BST on BBC Radio 4 .	Doris Lessing 's interview will be broadcast on Front Row on 12 May after 1915 BST on BBC Radio 4 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The vessel has been in service since 1994 and has regular checks and services throughout the year .	The vessel has been in service since 1996 and has regular checks and services throughout the year .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	They dried the powder and fired it in a kiln for 5 hours , before sintering it at 1250 ° C to create an iron oxide-petalite foam suitable for use as a microwave ceramic .	They dried the powder and fired it in a kiln for 5 hours , before sintering it before 1251 ° C to create an iron oxide-petalite foam suitable for use as a microwave ceramic .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They dried the powder and fired it in a kiln for 5 hours , before sintering it at 1250 ° C to create an iron oxide-petalite foam suitable for use as a microwave ceramic .	They dried the powder and fired it in a kiln for 5 hours , before sintering it after 1250 ° C to create an iron oxide-petalite foam suitable for use as a microwave ceramic .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The day after Tuesday 's Senate victory by Republican Scott Brown -- who opposes the health-care legislation pending in Congress -- Obama seemed to suggest that lawmakers rally around a slimmed-down version of health-care reform just to make progress .	The day at Tuesday 's Senate victory by Republican Scott Brown -- who opposes the health-care legislation pending in Congress -- Obama seemed to suggest that lawmakers rally around a slimmed-down version of health-care reform just to make progress .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	China-defence 2 Lst since 1996 , A Certain Country Had Provided Data On Its Arms Sales To Taiwan Province Of China To The Register , Which Contradicted The Spirit Of The Relevant Resolutions Of The General Assembly And The Objectives And Principles Of The Register , She Said Without Naming The Country , pti Reported .	China-defence 2 Lst since 1998 , A Certain Country Had Provided Data On Its Arms Sales To Taiwan Province Of China To The Register , Which Contradicted The Spirit Of The Relevant Resolutions Of The General Assembly And The Objectives And Principles Of The Register , She Said Without Naming The Country , pti Reported .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Minutes later , she heard a warning crackling over the speakers of the neighborhood mosque -- a tsunami could crash into her fishing village on Sumatra island at any minute .	Minutes time , she heard a warning crackling over the speakers of the neighborhood mosque -- a tsunami could crash into her fishing village on Sumatra island at any minute .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A 13-year-old girl was grabbed by a man as she walked along Snatts Hill in Oxted at about 1430 GMT on 1 November .	A 13-year-old girl was grabbed by a man as she walked along Snatts Hill in Oxted before about 1431 GMT on 1 November .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A 13-year-old girl was grabbed by a man as she walked along Snatts Hill in Oxted at about 1430 GMT on 1 November .	A 13-year-old girl was grabbed by a man as she walked along Snatts Hill in Oxted after about 1430 GMT on 1 November .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Just hours before Sunday 's kickoff , the fourth man charged in the shooting death of Taylor , 19-year-old Jason Mitchell , was denied bond Sunday in a Fort Myers , Florida , courtroom .	Just hours at Sunday 's kickoff , the fourth man charged in the shooting death of Taylor , 19-year-old Jason Mitchell , was denied bond Sunday in a Fort Myers , Florida , courtroom .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	League One side Leeds United have been out of English football 's top division since 2004 , so the visit of Liverpool will be a reminder of where they want to return to .	League One side Leeds United have been out of English football 's top division since 2006 , so the visit of Liverpool will be a reminder of where they want to return to .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	At the news conference in New York , David Howman , the director general of the World Anti-Doping Agency , which oversees testing for the Olympics , said he was optimistic that athletes connected to the investigation could be disciplined before the next summer 's Summer Olympics .	At the news conference in New York , David Howman , the director general of the World Anti-Doping Agency , which oversees testing for the Olympics , said he was optimistic that athletes connected to the investigation could be disciplined before the next spring 's Summer Olympics .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	At the news conference in New York , David Howman , the director general of the World Anti-Doping Agency , which oversees testing for the Olympics , said he was optimistic that athletes connected to the investigation could be disciplined before the next summer 's Summer Olympics .	At the news conference in New York , David Howman , the director general of the World Anti-Doping Agency , which oversees testing for the Olympics , said he was optimistic that athletes connected to the investigation could be disciplined before the next autumn 's Summer Olympics .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	At the news conference in New York , David Howman , the director general of the World Anti-Doping Agency , which oversees testing for the Olympics , said he was optimistic that athletes connected to the investigation could be disciplined before the next summer 's Summer Olympics .	At the news conference in New York , David Howman , the director general of the World Anti-Doping Agency , which oversees testing for the Olympics , said he was optimistic that athletes connected to the investigation could be disciplined at the next summer 's Summer Olympics .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	at present we are looking for wealth managers -LRB- hig ... .	after present we are looking for wealth managers -LRB- hig ... .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	This sparked speculation that the Federal Reserve would end its ultra-loose monetary stance sooner than expected , and sent the dollar index , which tracks its progress against a basket of six leading currencies , up 2.1 per cent between December 4 and December 8 .	This sparked speculation that the Federal Reserve would end its ultra-loose monetary stance sooner than expected , and sent the dollar index , which tracks its progress against a basket of six leading currencies , up 2.1 per cent between november 4 and December 8 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	This sparked speculation that the Federal Reserve would end its ultra-loose monetary stance sooner than expected , and sent the dollar index , which tracks its progress against a basket of six leading currencies , up 2.1 per cent between December 4 and December 8 .	This sparked speculation that the Federal Reserve would end its ultra-loose monetary stance sooner than expected , and sent the dollar index , which tracks its progress against a basket of six leading currencies , up 2.1 per cent between january 4 and December 8 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The changes would affect men and women who reach state pension age between 5 April 2008 and 5 April 2015 and already have 20 years on their National Insurance record .	The changes would affect men and women who reach state pension age between 4 April 2008 and 5 April 2015 and already have 20 years on their National Insurance record .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The changes would affect men and women who reach state pension age between 5 April 2008 and 5 April 2015 and already have 20 years on their National Insurance record .	The changes would affect men and women who reach state pension age between 6 April 2008 and 5 April 2015 and already have 20 years on their National Insurance record .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	No one is more frustrated over the serious health problems James Levine has struggled with since 2006 than Mr. Levine himself , as he has indicated in numerous interviews and news releases .	No one is more frustrated over the serious health problems James Levine has struggled with since 2008 than Mr. Levine himself , as he has indicated in numerous interviews and news releases .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Despite cooler temperatures , authorities have warned that firefighters only have a short window of time to control the fires before the temperatures again begin to rise at the end of the week .	Despite cooler temperatures , authorities have warned that firefighters only have a short window of time to control the fires before the temperatures again begin to rise after the end of the week .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Tickets for the festival , which attracts 35,000 music fans for each of its two days , will go on sale at the weekend .	Tickets for the festival , which attracts 35,000 music fans for each of its two days , will go on sale after the weekend .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	They then grew by almost 2,000 % between 1969 and 2000 .	They then grew by almost 2,000 % between 1968 and 2000 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	They then grew by almost 2,000 % between 1969 and 2000 .	They then grew by almost 2,000 % between 1970 and 2000 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Executive director of PBBuk Wendy Barnett said since March 2007 the service had received donations from more than 1,000 dogs .	Executive director of PBBuk Wendy Barnett said since may 2007 the service had received donations from more than 1,000 dogs .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	All of the data are under government review , and a report on the errors the agencies find will be available at the end of the month .	All of the data are under government review , and a report on the errors the agencies find will be available after the end of the month .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The United States has an 8-0-1 home record against Mexico since 2000 , outscoring the team , 15-1 .	The United States has an 8-0-1 home record against Mexico since 2002 , outscoring the team , 15-1 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A year earlier , the company posted a profit of $ 133 million , or 55 cents a share , including a 22-cent-a-share gain on the reversal of tax reserves .	A year time , the company posted a profit of $ 133 million , or 55 cents a share , including a 22-cent-a-share gain on the reversal of tax reserves .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A spokeswoman said the first pursuit began at 0230 BST but the Golf pulled away .	A spokeswoman said the first pursuit began before 231 BST but the Golf pulled away .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A spokeswoman said the first pursuit began at 0230 BST but the Golf pulled away .	A spokeswoman said the first pursuit began after 0230 BST but the Golf pulled away .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Iran 's oil minister said at the weekend that some OPEC members were advocating an increase in production , although most officials have said publicly they do not believe the market is short of oil .	Iran 's oil minister said after the weekend that some OPEC members were advocating an increase in production , although most officials have said publicly they do not believe the market is short of oil .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	More than 20 movies in 3D are scheduled for release this year , including Tim Burton 's Alice in Wonderland , which topped Britain 's cinema box office charts at the weekend .	More than 20 movies in 3D are scheduled for release this year , including Tim Burton 's Alice in Wonderland , which topped Britain 's cinema box office charts after the weekend .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Lyudmila Blonska , the Ukrainian she labelled '' a cheat '' at last year 's outdoor World Championships , was a tardy fourth , but Hellebaut , the European indoor and outdoor high jump champion from Belgium , led after two events , having leapt 1.99 metres , while Sotherton , who has a personal best of 1.88 , could manage only 1.81 and dropped to third . ''	Lyudmila Blonska , the Ukrainian she labelled '' a cheat '' after last year 's outdoor World Championships , was a tardy fourth , but Hellebaut , the European indoor and outdoor high jump champion from Belgium , led after two events , having leapt 1.99 metres , while Sotherton , who has a personal best of 1.88 , could manage only 1.81 and dropped to third . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The economy is set to shrink over the next year in the first full-year fall in national income since 1991 , according to Capital Economics , the forecasting group .	The economy is set to shrink over the next year in the first full-year fall in national income since 1993 , according to Capital Economics , the forecasting group .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Announcing itself as '' the first literary history of American women writers ever written , '' the book is an encyclopedic account of some 250 female writers who have helped shape American literature since 1650 .	Announcing itself as '' the first literary history of American women writers ever written , '' the book is an encyclopedic account of some 250 female writers who have helped shape American literature since 1652 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The driver , Brett Darrow , 20 , recorded Friday 's exchange with Sgt. James Kuehnlein with a dashboard videocamera he installed after past run-ins with police .	The driver , Brett Darrow , 20 , recorded Friday 's exchange with Sgt. James Kuehnlein with a dashboard videocamera he installed at past run-ins with police .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sometime before midnight , Claudia picked me up .	Sometime at midnight , Claudia picked me up .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	His words appeared to echo comments made a day earlier by President Nicolas Sarkozy of France , who was quoted as saying he had '' reached the end of the road with Assad . ''	His words appeared to echo comments made a day time by President Nicolas Sarkozy of France , who was quoted as saying he had '' reached the end of the road with Assad . ''	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He delivered daily accounts of the vicious sectarian street battles that erupted in Baghdad between 2005 and 2007 .	He delivered daily accounts of the vicious sectarian street battles that erupted in Baghdad between 2004 and 2007 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	He delivered daily accounts of the vicious sectarian street battles that erupted in Baghdad between 2005 and 2007 .	He delivered daily accounts of the vicious sectarian street battles that erupted in Baghdad between 2006 and 2007 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Three months later , a commission set up by the US Congress warned that without decisive action it was '' more likely than not '' that a terrorist attack involving WMD would occur by the end of 2013 .	Three months time , a commission set up by the US Congress warned that without decisive action it was '' more likely than not '' that a terrorist attack involving WMD would occur by the end of 2013 .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A day later , the country said it would use nuclear weapons in a '' merciless offensive '' if attacked .	A day time , the country said it would use nuclear weapons in a '' merciless offensive '' if attacked .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Icelandic krona has lost half its value against the euro since January 2008 .	The Icelandic krona has lost half its value against the euro since march 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reported Thursday the death of Lailanni S. Amkha this week may mark the sixth co-sleeping death of an infant in Milwaukee since March .	The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reported Thursday the death of Lailanni S. Amkha this week may mark the sixth co-sleeping death of an infant in Milwaukee since may .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	With shovels and buckets , more than 300 troops , police and firefighters worked from dawn to find any survivors from the hotel , where three bodies were found a day earlier .	With shovels and buckets , more than 300 troops , police and firefighters worked from dawn to find any survivors from the hotel , where three bodies were found a day time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Music '' launched last Friday with a set taped four days earlier by Weezer at the Roxy Theatre in West Hollywood .	Music '' launched last Friday with a set taped four days time by Weezer at the Roxy Theatre in West Hollywood .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Talking about that day four years later , my driver said it was the moment that the insurgency in Baghdad really started to gain momentum with the help from foreign fighters .	Talking about that day four years time , my driver said it was the moment that the insurgency in Baghdad really started to gain momentum with the help from foreign fighters .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He also flashed a photograph of the young family sitting on a wooden bench in the front yard that , like much else , remains in place nearly four decades later .	He also flashed a photograph of the young family sitting on a wooden bench in the front yard that , like much else , remains in place nearly four decades time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The closest approach occurred a little after 2 p.m. ; it took about 10 minutes for the radio signals to reach flight controllers at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel , Maryland , who confirmed everything had gone according to plan .	The closest approach occurred a little after 3 p.m. ; it took about 10 minutes for the radio signals to reach flight controllers at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel , Maryland , who confirmed everything had gone according to plan .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The closest approach occurred a little after 2 p.m. ; it took about 10 minutes for the radio signals to reach flight controllers at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel , Maryland , who confirmed everything had gone according to plan .	The closest approach occurred a little after 1 p.m. ; it took about 10 minutes for the radio signals to reach flight controllers at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel , Maryland , who confirmed everything had gone according to plan .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The closest approach occurred a little after 2 p.m. ; it took about 10 minutes for the radio signals to reach flight controllers at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel , Maryland , who confirmed everything had gone according to plan .	The closest approach occurred a little at 2 p.m. ; it took about 10 minutes for the radio signals to reach flight controllers at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel , Maryland , who confirmed everything had gone according to plan .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But this year freezing temperatures arrived almost three months earlier than usual .	But this year freezing temperatures arrived almost three months time than usual .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	-LRB- Seven years later , I 'm pretty sure she loves me still ... and we still have a TV . -RRB-	-LRB- Seven years time , I 'm pretty sure she loves me still ... and we still have a TV . -RRB-	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Copies of the effective registration statements and the definitive proxy statement / prospectuses are available free of charge at the SEC 's website -LRB- http : / / www.sec.gov -RRB- . ''	Copies of the effective registration statements and the definitive proxy statement / prospectuses are available free of charge after the SEC 's website -LRB- http : / / www.sec.gov -RRB- . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The scale of the investment needed to green the British economy is huge -- £ 800 billion - £ 1 trillion between now and 2030 .	The scale of the investment needed to green the British economy is huge -- £ 800 billion - £ 1 trillion between now and 2029 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The scale of the investment needed to green the British economy is huge -- £ 800 billion - £ 1 trillion between now and 2030 .	The scale of the investment needed to green the British economy is huge -- £ 800 billion - £ 1 trillion between now and 2031 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In the fourth game of the second set , at 15-15 , a man leapt on to the court and confronted Federer , taunting him , waving a Barcelona football flag and trying to place the red hat he had been wearing on Federer 's head .	In the fourth game of the second set , after 15-15 , a man leapt on to the court and confronted Federer , taunting him , waving a Barcelona football flag and trying to place the red hat he had been wearing on Federer 's head .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Gene Wayda , 68 , has watched it all since 1970 , when he opened his machine shop on Butler Street at the canal 's northern tip .	Gene Wayda , 68 , has watched it all since 1972 , when he opened his machine shop on Butler Street at the canal 's northern tip .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ten years later , this was revised to point us above 70 million again .	Ten years time , this was revised to point us above 70 million again .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Ride and Tie was established as a sport in the United States in 1971 , and there are about 25 races a year between April and October , the report said .	Ride and Tie was established as a sport in the United States in 1971 , and there are about 25 races a year between march and October , the report said .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Ride and Tie was established as a sport in the United States in 1971 , and there are about 25 races a year between April and October , the report said .	Ride and Tie was established as a sport in the United States in 1971 , and there are about 25 races a year between may and October , the report said .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Ministers hope that discussions here will increase chances of agreeing a new climate treaty at December 's UN summit .	Ministers hope that discussions here will increase chances of agreeing a new climate treaty before january 's UN summit .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ministers hope that discussions here will increase chances of agreeing a new climate treaty at December 's UN summit .	Ministers hope that discussions here will increase chances of agreeing a new climate treaty after December 's UN summit .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It was a sharp contrast to the Tuesday morning exactly six years earlier when hijacked planes swept out of the clear blue to kill thousands of Americans going about their daily lives . ''	It was a sharp contrast to the Tuesday morning exactly six years time when hijacked planes swept out of the clear blue to kill thousands of Americans going about their daily lives . ''	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Months later no agreement has been reached on the settlement freeze and in a recent meeting in New York Obama appeared to soften his position on settlement building as a pre-condition for talks .	Months time no agreement has been reached on the settlement freeze and in a recent meeting in New York Obama appeared to soften his position on settlement building as a pre-condition for talks .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Five fire appliances attended the George Square Lane substation at about 1630 GMT .	Five fire appliances attended the George Square Lane substation before about 1631 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Five fire appliances attended the George Square Lane substation at about 1630 GMT .	Five fire appliances attended the George Square Lane substation after about 1630 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In July , prices in the metropolitan area of Caracas , which are used as a benchmark , were 33.7 % higher than 12 months earlier .	In July , prices in the metropolitan area of Caracas , which are used as a benchmark , were 33.7 % higher than 12 months time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Regulars are to hold a farewell party to the Carinish Inn on North Uist on the Western Isles at the weekend , before work starts on its conversion .	Regulars are to hold a farewell party to the Carinish Inn on North Uist on the Western Isles after the weekend , before work starts on its conversion .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It was only the second game since November that Arenas , Jamison and Butler played in the same lineup for the injury-riddled Wizards , who bring former top scorer Arenas off the bench after he returned last week from missing 66 games .	It was only the second game since january that Arenas , Jamison and Butler played in the same lineup for the injury-riddled Wizards , who bring former top scorer Arenas off the bench after he returned last week from missing 66 games .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	At least 20 bodies , most of them civilians , lay in the streets after Thursday 's fighting , said Ali Muse , the head of Mogadishu 's ambulance service .	At least 20 bodies , most of them civilians , lay in the streets at Thursday 's fighting , said Ali Muse , the head of Mogadishu 's ambulance service .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Monaco , the sponsor of the proposed ban , said bluefin numbers have declined by nearly 75 per cent since 1957 .	Monaco , the sponsor of the proposed ban , said bluefin numbers have declined by nearly 75 per cent since 1959 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two hours later , humans walked on a place other than Earth , a place truly foreign .	Two hours time , humans walked on a place other than Earth , a place truly foreign .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	That is a decline of 49 since 2001 , the group said .	That is a decline of 49 since 2003 , the group said .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	NEW YORK -LRB- AP -RRB- - The Yankees and Angels escaped late-inning jams , and New York and Los Angeles were tied at 2 after nine innings Saturday on another bitterly raw night in the AL championship series .	NEW YORK -LRB- AP -RRB- - The Yankees and Angels escaped late-inning jams , and New York and Los Angeles were tied at 2 at nine innings Saturday on another bitterly raw night in the AL championship series .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	At the offices of Barnes & Noble 's digital unit in New York , 14 developers have occupied a windowless room since January , completely redesigning the company 's iPhone app for the iPad , according to Douglas Gottlieb , its vice president of digital products .	At the offices of Barnes & Noble 's digital unit in New York , 14 developers have occupied a windowless room since march , completely redesigning the company 's iPhone app for the iPad , according to Douglas Gottlieb , its vice president of digital products .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Several months later , everyone on the show agrees the labor struggle gave the superhero series an inadvertent creative boost .	Several months time , everyone on the show agrees the labor struggle gave the superhero series an inadvertent creative boost .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They had all been shot dead several months earlier .	They had all been shot dead several months time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The U.S. military reported early Thursday that a soldier had been killed by an explosion Wednesday near a patrol in Ninevah Province , bringing the monthly count to at least 50 -- 27 in Baghdad -- in the deadliest month since September when 65 U.S. troops died .	The U.S. military reported early Thursday that a soldier had been killed by an explosion Wednesday near a patrol in Ninevah Province , bringing the monthly count to at least 50 -- 27 in Baghdad -- in the deadliest month since november when 65 U.S. troops died .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	PITTSBURGH , May 18 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- The Pittsburgh Penguins battered the Philadelphia Flyers 6-0 Sunday , advancing to the Stanley Cup playoffs for the first time since 1992 .	PITTSBURGH , May 18 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- The Pittsburgh Penguins battered the Philadelphia Flyers 6-0 Sunday , advancing to the Stanley Cup playoffs for the first time since 1994 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Bush 's executive policy additionally had limited researchers receiving federal aid to just 21 stem cell lines created before August 2001 .	Bush 's executive policy additionally had limited researchers receiving federal aid to just 21 stem cell lines created before july 2001 .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Bush 's executive policy additionally had limited researchers receiving federal aid to just 21 stem cell lines created before August 2001 .	Bush 's executive policy additionally had limited researchers receiving federal aid to just 21 stem cell lines created before september 2001 .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Bush 's executive policy additionally had limited researchers receiving federal aid to just 21 stem cell lines created before August 2001 .	Bush 's executive policy additionally had limited researchers receiving federal aid to just 21 stem cell lines created at August 2001 .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The report said the department 's contract terms should improve the security , reliability , accessibility and quality of passenger rail services on the eight franchises it let between 2005 and 2007 , but there was a risk that overcrowding and fare increases may offset any improvements to passenger satisfaction .	The report said the department 's contract terms should improve the security , reliability , accessibility and quality of passenger rail services on the eight franchises it let between 2004 and 2007 , but there was a risk that overcrowding and fare increases may offset any improvements to passenger satisfaction .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The report said the department 's contract terms should improve the security , reliability , accessibility and quality of passenger rail services on the eight franchises it let between 2005 and 2007 , but there was a risk that overcrowding and fare increases may offset any improvements to passenger satisfaction .	The report said the department 's contract terms should improve the security , reliability , accessibility and quality of passenger rail services on the eight franchises it let between 2006 and 2007 , but there was a risk that overcrowding and fare increases may offset any improvements to passenger satisfaction .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Up to 10 cm -LRB- 4in -RRB- of snow forced Gatwick 's new owners to close the runway at 0500 GMT .	Up to 10 cm -LRB- 4in -RRB- of snow forced Gatwick 's new owners to close the runway before 501 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Up to 10 cm -LRB- 4in -RRB- of snow forced Gatwick 's new owners to close the runway at 0500 GMT .	Up to 10 cm -LRB- 4in -RRB- of snow forced Gatwick 's new owners to close the runway after 0500 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Paul metro area , about 12 percent of all deals since October were short sales , up from about 8 percent a year earlier , according to the Minneapolis Area Association of Realtors .	Paul metro area , about 12 percent of all deals since december were short sales , up from about 8 percent a year earlier , according to the Minneapolis Area Association of Realtors .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	It 's also the worst June since 1930 , according to data provided by Dow Jones .	It 's also the worst June since 1932 , according to data provided by Dow Jones .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sanctions have achieved nothing with Burma and should be replaced by dialogue , the US Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton , said at the start of this week .	Sanctions have achieved nothing with Burma and should be replaced by dialogue , the US Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton , said after the start of this week .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	With tax due at end of January 2009 , the balance for 2007 / 08 would be negligible , while £ 10,000 will be payable on account for 2008 / 09 .	With tax due before end of february 2009 , the balance for 2007 / 08 would be negligible , while £ 10,000 will be payable on account for 2008 / 09 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	With tax due at end of January 2009 , the balance for 2007 / 08 would be negligible , while £ 10,000 will be payable on account for 2008 / 09 .	With tax due after end of January 2009 , the balance for 2007 / 08 would be negligible , while £ 10,000 will be payable on account for 2008 / 09 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Total non-performing assets were $ 211 million or 8.1 % of total assets at June 30 , 2009 , up from $ 147 million and 5.6 % , respectively , at June 30 , 2008 and down from $ 215 million and 8.6 % at March 31 , 2009 . ''	Total non-performing assets were $ 211 million or 8.1 % of total assets before july 30 , 2009 , up from $ 147 million and 5.6 % , respectively , at June 30 , 2008 and down from $ 215 million and 8.6 % at March 31 , 2009 . ''	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Total non-performing assets were $ 211 million or 8.1 % of total assets at June 30 , 2009 , up from $ 147 million and 5.6 % , respectively , at June 30 , 2008 and down from $ 215 million and 8.6 % at March 31 , 2009 . ''	Total non-performing assets were $ 211 million or 8.1 % of total assets after June 30 , 2009 , up from $ 147 million and 5.6 % , respectively , at June 30 , 2008 and down from $ 215 million and 8.6 % at March 31 , 2009 . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Bringing together 27 artists , the international touring exhibition , '' Indian Highway '' reflects the movement , migration and rapid growth changes in India during recent years , and is on at the Serpentine gallery in London until February the 22nd before touring .	Bringing together 27 artists , the international touring exhibition , '' Indian Highway '' reflects the movement , migration and rapid growth changes in India during recent years , and is on at the Serpentine gallery in London until February the 22nd at touring .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Otherwise , Shane Williams 's father had an extra reason to celebrate as his son capped a wonderful tournament with the second-half try that edged Wales ahead before a second Grand Slam in four years .	Otherwise , Shane Williams 's father had an extra reason to celebrate as his son capped a wonderful tournament with the second-half try that edged Wales ahead at a second Grand Slam in four years .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Participant said the exercise has been in the planning since September .	Participant said the exercise has been in the planning since november .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Kudrin said he could not foresee how long negotiations with the WTO would take but added that '' 90 percent '' of agreements already in place as part of Russia 's bid since 1993 to join the global trade body would remain .	Kudrin said he could not foresee how long negotiations with the WTO would take but added that '' 90 percent '' of agreements already in place as part of Russia 's bid since 1995 to join the global trade body would remain .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Hotels.com is having an Easter sale , with up to 30 percent off stays between March 30 and April 5 .	Hotels.com is having an Easter sale , with up to 30 percent off stays between february 30 and April 5 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Hotels.com is having an Easter sale , with up to 30 percent off stays between March 30 and April 5 .	Hotels.com is having an Easter sale , with up to 30 percent off stays between april 30 and April 5 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The first fire started in Heysham Drive at about 0245 GMT on Saturday .	The first fire started in Heysham Drive before about 246 GMT on Saturday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The first fire started in Heysham Drive at about 0245 GMT on Saturday .	The first fire started in Heysham Drive after about 0245 GMT on Saturday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Beacon residents use the once bedraggled space , which served as a makeshift triage center after Sept .	Beacon residents use the once bedraggled space , which served as a makeshift triage center at Sept .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It is held at present by our own David Morgan , who hands over to the sub-continent in June , in the rotund shape of Sharad Pawar , who , in turn , will pass it on to whichever candidate is selected from Australasia .	It is held after present by our own David Morgan , who hands over to the sub-continent in June , in the rotund shape of Sharad Pawar , who , in turn , will pass it on to whichever candidate is selected from Australasia .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Crews arrived to find the occupants outside the house , but the family pets still trapped inside , just after 0330 BST .	Crews arrived to find the occupants outside the house , but the family pets still trapped inside , just after 331 BST .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Crews arrived to find the occupants outside the house , but the family pets still trapped inside , just after 0330 BST .	Crews arrived to find the occupants outside the house , but the family pets still trapped inside , just after 329 BST .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Crews arrived to find the occupants outside the house , but the family pets still trapped inside , just after 0330 BST .	Crews arrived to find the occupants outside the house , but the family pets still trapped inside , just at 0330 BST .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The case was then referred to Alloa Sheriff Court where Sheriff David Mackie revoked the original order and placed Stoddart on a three-month restriction of liberty order , which prevents him leaving home between 7 pm and 7 am .	The case was then referred to Alloa Sheriff Court where Sheriff David Mackie revoked the original order and placed Stoddart on a three-month restriction of liberty order , which prevents him leaving home between 6 pm and 7 am .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The case was then referred to Alloa Sheriff Court where Sheriff David Mackie revoked the original order and placed Stoddart on a three-month restriction of liberty order , which prevents him leaving home between 7 pm and 7 am .	The case was then referred to Alloa Sheriff Court where Sheriff David Mackie revoked the original order and placed Stoddart on a three-month restriction of liberty order , which prevents him leaving home between 8 pm and 7 am .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Within a month of Shank 's death , surgeries at the Marion site -- which serves veterans from southern Illinois , southwestern Indiana and western Kentucky -- were halted after the VA found that at least nine deaths between October 2006 and March 2007 were '' directly attributable '' to substandard care there .	Within a month of Shank 's death , surgeries at the Marion site -- which serves veterans from southern Illinois , southwestern Indiana and western Kentucky -- were halted after the VA found that at least nine deaths between september 2006 and March 2007 were '' directly attributable '' to substandard care there .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Within a month of Shank 's death , surgeries at the Marion site -- which serves veterans from southern Illinois , southwestern Indiana and western Kentucky -- were halted after the VA found that at least nine deaths between October 2006 and March 2007 were '' directly attributable '' to substandard care there .	Within a month of Shank 's death , surgeries at the Marion site -- which serves veterans from southern Illinois , southwestern Indiana and western Kentucky -- were halted after the VA found that at least nine deaths between november 2006 and March 2007 were '' directly attributable '' to substandard care there .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two days later , the Continuity IRA shot PSNI Constable Stephen Paul Carroll in Craigavon , County Armagh .	Two days time , the Continuity IRA shot PSNI Constable Stephen Paul Carroll in Craigavon , County Armagh .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	... Another child , a 2-year-old , had been raped in the same camp two weeks earlier .	... Another child , a 2-year-old , had been raped in the same camp two weeks time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Olukotun is a Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at Stanford University where he has been on the faculty since 1992 .	Olukotun is a Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at Stanford University where he has been on the faculty since 1994 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Reflecting on an outcome which had obvious echoes of England 's similarly fraught draw in Cardiff at the start of last summer 's Ashes , Strauss admitted : '' If we 'd lost , it would have hurt us pretty badly .	Reflecting on an outcome which had obvious echoes of England 's similarly fraught draw in Cardiff before the start of last autumn 's Ashes , Strauss admitted : '' If we 'd lost , it would have hurt us pretty badly .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Reflecting on an outcome which had obvious echoes of England 's similarly fraught draw in Cardiff at the start of last summer 's Ashes , Strauss admitted : '' If we 'd lost , it would have hurt us pretty badly .	Reflecting on an outcome which had obvious echoes of England 's similarly fraught draw in Cardiff after the start of last summer 's Ashes , Strauss admitted : '' If we 'd lost , it would have hurt us pretty badly .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	There are some people who seem to think that this is some sort of comeback or we 've been away , but , if I might say so , we 've been breaking box office records all over the world since ' 94 and we 've been touring quite a bit .	There are some people who seem to think that this is some sort of comeback or we 've been away , but , if I might say so , we 've been breaking box office records all over the world since ' 96 and we 've been touring quite a bit .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	All six bidding nations have , since 1972 when the European Tour officially began , demonstrated their support for the development and growth of the game through not only hosting tournaments but also by nurturing the supply of players on to the world stage .	All six bidding nations have , since 1974 when the European Tour officially began , demonstrated their support for the development and growth of the game through not only hosting tournaments but also by nurturing the supply of players on to the world stage .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Cash and short-term investments at December 31 , 2009 totaled $ 140.0 million .	Cash and short-term investments before january 31 , 2009 totaled $ 140.0 million .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Cash and short-term investments at December 31 , 2009 totaled $ 140.0 million .	Cash and short-term investments after December 31 , 2009 totaled $ 140.0 million .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	David Beckham will open the Major League Soccer season at Colorado next March and have a reunion with former Los Angeles Galaxy coach Frank Yallop five days later , the Galaxy announced Wednesday .	David Beckham will open the Major League Soccer season at Colorado next March and have a reunion with former Los Angeles Galaxy coach Frank Yallop five days time , the Galaxy announced Wednesday .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The solid gains in new orders and output helped overall business conditions move above the index level of 50 , signalling an increase in activity for the first time since March last year .	The solid gains in new orders and output helped overall business conditions move above the index level of 50 , signalling an increase in activity for the first time since may last year .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	South Carolina has made the NCAA tournament only once this decade , in and only four times since 1974 .	South Carolina has made the NCAA tournament only once this decade , in and only four times since 1976 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Waaaat u better not be , '' wrote Gina , two minutes later .	Waaaat u better not be , '' wrote Gina , two minutes time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr Evans , from Glynneath , works for an educational service provider called The Philosophy Shop which has been engaging with primary school children in Lewisham , London , since 2002 .	Mr Evans , from Glynneath , works for an educational service provider called The Philosophy Shop which has been engaging with primary school children in Lewisham , London , since 2004 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The chairman of Marks & Spencer , Sir Stuart Rose , officially announced Davies was retiring as Per Una 's part-time chairman and would step down at the end of December .	The chairman of Marks & Spencer , Sir Stuart Rose , officially announced Davies was retiring as Per Una 's part-time chairman and would step down before the end of january .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The chairman of Marks & Spencer , Sir Stuart Rose , officially announced Davies was retiring as Per Una 's part-time chairman and would step down at the end of December .	The chairman of Marks & Spencer , Sir Stuart Rose , officially announced Davies was retiring as Per Una 's part-time chairman and would step down after the end of December .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A top single malt is de rigueur at Christmas , so allow yourself a ruminative moment by the fire with a glass of Highland Park 12 Year Old Single Malt -LRB- 40 % vol , Scotland ; £ 27.99 , widely available -RRB- .	A top single malt is de rigueur after Christmas , so allow yourself a ruminative moment by the fire with a glass of Highland Park 12 Year Old Single Malt -LRB- 40 % vol , Scotland ; £ 27.99 , widely available -RRB- .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Then , three minutes later , Eduardo slotted in at close range from a corner to complete Arsenal 's comeback .	Then , three minutes time , Eduardo slotted in at close range from a corner to complete Arsenal 's comeback .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The explosion happened at about 1415 local time -LRB- 1115 GMT -RRB- on Thursday , as passengers were getting off the packed minibus , Russian officials say .	The explosion happened before about 1416 local time -LRB- 1115 GMT -RRB- on Thursday , as passengers were getting off the packed minibus , Russian officials say .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The explosion happened at about 1415 local time -LRB- 1115 GMT -RRB- on Thursday , as passengers were getting off the packed minibus , Russian officials say .	The explosion happened after about 1415 local time -LRB- 1115 GMT -RRB- on Thursday , as passengers were getting off the packed minibus , Russian officials say .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Optimism was at its highest since April 2007 , with companies expecting to benefit from an ongoing strengthening of the economic climate .	Optimism was at its highest since june 2007 , with companies expecting to benefit from an ongoing strengthening of the economic climate .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The operator of the Children 's Place and Disney Stores chains , said quarterly net loss was $ 58.5 million , or $ 2.01 per share , compared to net income of $ 44.7 million , or $ 1.48 per share , a year earlier .	The operator of the Children 's Place and Disney Stores chains , said quarterly net loss was $ 58.5 million , or $ 2.01 per share , compared to net income of $ 44.7 million , or $ 1.48 per share , a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Dr Siddique 's family claim she disappeared for most of the five year interval between 2003 and 2008 and claim she was in US custody at Bagram airport in Afghanistan for most of that period .	Dr Siddique 's family claim she disappeared for most of the five year interval between 2002 and 2008 and claim she was in US custody at Bagram airport in Afghanistan for most of that period .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Dr Siddique 's family claim she disappeared for most of the five year interval between 2003 and 2008 and claim she was in US custody at Bagram airport in Afghanistan for most of that period .	Dr Siddique 's family claim she disappeared for most of the five year interval between 2004 and 2008 and claim she was in US custody at Bagram airport in Afghanistan for most of that period .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	More than 12,000 members of the Writers Guild West and the Writers Guild East went on strike just after midnight Monday , after a late negotiating session convened by a federal mediator failed to bridge the divide between writers and producers . ''	More than 12,000 members of the Writers Guild West and the Writers Guild East went on strike just at midnight Monday , after a late negotiating session convened by a federal mediator failed to bridge the divide between writers and producers . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In a bad sign for future activity , the government reported that applications for building permits fell for a sixth straight month , dropping by 1.5 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.15 million units , the slowest pace for building permits since June 1993 .	In a bad sign for future activity , the government reported that applications for building permits fell for a sixth straight month , dropping by 1.5 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.15 million units , the slowest pace for building permits since august 1993 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Myanmar has been ruled by various military juntas since 1962 , and opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi has been locked away and kept under house arrest for most of the last two decades .	Myanmar has been ruled by various military juntas since 1964 , and opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi has been locked away and kept under house arrest for most of the last two decades .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The top five and winner will be revealed at the start of January .	The top five and winner will be revealed before the start of february .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The top five and winner will be revealed at the start of January .	The top five and winner will be revealed after the start of January .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Birmingham was said to be especially troubled by delays to bin collections because of a strike before Christmas .	Birmingham was said to be especially troubled by delays to bin collections because of a strike at Christmas .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	On the call , the first time in the last year that he has answered questions from more than a handful of reporters at once , he often paused for several seconds to gather his thoughts .	On the call , the first time in the last year that he has answered questions from more than a handful of reporters after once , he often paused for several seconds to gather his thoughts .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Somalia has not had a functioning government since 1991 , and the U.S. worries that Somalia could be a terrorist breeding ground .	Somalia has not had a functioning government since 1993 , and the U.S. worries that Somalia could be a terrorist breeding ground .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The air attacks came after the army launched an offensive against suspected militants and their hideouts in Lower Dir at the weekend .	The air attacks came after the army launched an offensive against suspected militants and their hideouts in Lower Dir after the weekend .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	About an hour later , another post said that the governor had spoken to Star-Holdings , the Rockford , Ill.-based owner of the property , and that the disabled residents would be able to stay .	About an hour time , another post said that the governor had spoken to Star-Holdings , the Rockford , Ill.-based owner of the property , and that the disabled residents would be able to stay .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	has been a resident of Broward County since 1998 .	has been a resident of Broward County since 2000 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The money-back guarantee covers all Chevrolet , Buick , GMC and Cadillac vehicles , except for medium-duty trucks , sold in the United States between September 14 and November 30 .	The money-back guarantee covers all Chevrolet , Buick , GMC and Cadillac vehicles , except for medium-duty trucks , sold in the United States between august 14 and November 30 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The money-back guarantee covers all Chevrolet , Buick , GMC and Cadillac vehicles , except for medium-duty trucks , sold in the United States between September 14 and November 30 .	The money-back guarantee covers all Chevrolet , Buick , GMC and Cadillac vehicles , except for medium-duty trucks , sold in the United States between october 14 and November 30 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two years later , a supercomputer created by I.B.M. reclaimed the speed record for the United States .	Two years time , a supercomputer created by I.B.M. reclaimed the speed record for the United States .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Visant 's cash position at April 4 , 2009 totaled $ 166.6 million .	Visant 's cash position before may 4 , 2009 totaled $ 166.6 million .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Visant 's cash position at April 4 , 2009 totaled $ 166.6 million .	Visant 's cash position after April 4 , 2009 totaled $ 166.6 million .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Opinion polls are banned from midnight -LRB- 2300 GMT -RRB- Monday , five days before the vote but Spanish television plans to release snap polls after Monday 's debate , scheduled to start at 10 : 00 pm -LRB- 2100 GMT -RRB- .	Opinion polls are banned from midnight -LRB- 2300 GMT -RRB- Monday , five days before the vote but Spanish television plans to release snap polls at Monday 's debate , scheduled to start at 10 : 00 pm -LRB- 2100 GMT -RRB- .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Industry panels and day parties begin much earlier in the day -- those attendees who want a little rock ' n ' roll for breakfast can catch the hotly tipped power-pop of Merge records ' Telekinesis before noon .	Industry panels and day parties begin much earlier in the day -- those attendees who want a little rock ' n ' roll for breakfast can catch the hotly tipped power-pop of Merge records ' Telekinesis at noon .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 32-man tournament , featuring the world 's top players , marks the return of the Masters on the Professional Squash Association calendar for the first time since 2006 . ''	The 32-man tournament , featuring the world 's top players , marks the return of the Masters on the Professional Squash Association calendar for the first time since 2008 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Excluding items , profit was 36 cents a share compared to 42 cents a share a year earlier , and higher than the average Wall Street forecast of 31 cents .	Excluding items , profit was 36 cents a share compared to 42 cents a share a year time , and higher than the average Wall Street forecast of 31 cents .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It sent thousands of police and army troops to the region to maintain an edgy peace , hunt down protest leaders and cordon off Buddhist monasteries whose monks led protests that began peacefully on March 10 before turning violent four days later . '' '	It sent thousands of police and army troops to the region to maintain an edgy peace , hunt down protest leaders and cordon off Buddhist monasteries whose monks led protests that began peacefully on March 10 at turning violent four days later . '' '	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Only after Saturday 's Internet airing of a 28-minute video in which Bergdahl is shown captive and says he fears never going home again did Pentagon officials finally release his name . ''	Only at Saturday 's Internet airing of a 28-minute video in which Bergdahl is shown captive and says he fears never going home again did Pentagon officials finally release his name . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Swedish clothing company Hennes & Mauritz reported a 6 per cent increase in pre-tax profits in the second quarter , compared to the same period a year earlier .	Swedish clothing company Hennes & Mauritz reported a 6 per cent increase in pre-tax profits in the second quarter , compared to the same period a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Its $ 9.41 billion third-quarter net profit , while down 10 percent from a year earlier , nearly matched PetroChina 's net profit of 81.8 billion yuan -LRB- $ 10.8 billion -RRB- for the entire first half of the year .	Its $ 9.41 billion third-quarter net profit , while down 10 percent from a year time , nearly matched PetroChina 's net profit of 81.8 billion yuan -LRB- $ 10.8 billion -RRB- for the entire first half of the year .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	GM 's sales tumbled 53 percent from a year earlier , while Ford 's U.S. sales fell 48 percent and Chrysler 's fell 44 percent .	GM 's sales tumbled 53 percent from a year time , while Ford 's U.S. sales fell 48 percent and Chrysler 's fell 44 percent .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	She has been in temporary foster care since last August .	She has been in temporary foster care since last october .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Damien Wilkins nailed a corner jumper at the end of the third quarter , but replays showed time had expired and the shot was waved off .	Damien Wilkins nailed a corner jumper after the end of the third quarter , but replays showed time had expired and the shot was waved off .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He stayed in the game before being taken to the locker room for an examination after the quarter .	He stayed in the game before being taken to the locker room for an examination at the quarter .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In December 2007 Ben Fogle and James Cracknell were in Norway on a 10-day intensive training course with other prospective competitors for their planned race to the South Pole 13 months later .	In December 2007 Ben Fogle and James Cracknell were in Norway on a 10-day intensive training course with other prospective competitors for their planned race to the South Pole 13 months time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Two years earlier the Healthcare Commission began an investigation after it emerged that the number of trust patients who died between April 2002 and March 2005 after their first coronary artery bypass graft was more than double the national average - 4.01 % compared with 1.83 % .	Two years earlier the Healthcare Commission began an investigation after it emerged that the number of trust patients who died between march 2002 and March 2005 after their first coronary artery bypass graft was more than double the national average - 4.01 % compared with 1.83 % .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Two years earlier the Healthcare Commission began an investigation after it emerged that the number of trust patients who died between April 2002 and March 2005 after their first coronary artery bypass graft was more than double the national average - 4.01 % compared with 1.83 % .	Two years earlier the Healthcare Commission began an investigation after it emerged that the number of trust patients who died between may 2002 and March 2005 after their first coronary artery bypass graft was more than double the national average - 4.01 % compared with 1.83 % .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Defeat here would leave Federer without a Grand Slam title in his locker for the first time since 2003 , when he began his world record run of 16 major titles with his maiden Wimbledon win .	Defeat here would leave Federer without a Grand Slam title in his locker for the first time since 2005 , when he began his world record run of 16 major titles with his maiden Wimbledon win .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	On Wednesday , Antonio Lopes Borges and Ana Simao told of seeing a black Mercedes race away from a traffic light , pursued by other vehicles , and of seeing the same Mercedes minutes later , crumpled by a collision with a pillar in the tunnel .	On Wednesday , Antonio Lopes Borges and Ana Simao told of seeing a black Mercedes race away from a traffic light , pursued by other vehicles , and of seeing the same Mercedes minutes time , crumpled by a collision with a pillar in the tunnel .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Fifteen minutes later , the operator still had not returned . ''	Fifteen minutes time , the operator still had not returned . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Sales of emulsion paint showed an impressive recovery between April and June , growing 16.2 % compared with the same period the previous year , having declined in each of the previous four quarters .	Sales of emulsion paint showed an impressive recovery between march and June , growing 16.2 % compared with the same period the previous year , having declined in each of the previous four quarters .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Sales of emulsion paint showed an impressive recovery between April and June , growing 16.2 % compared with the same period the previous year , having declined in each of the previous four quarters .	Sales of emulsion paint showed an impressive recovery between may and June , growing 16.2 % compared with the same period the previous year , having declined in each of the previous four quarters .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Though Cigna reversed itself in the face of protests , including a rally of 150 teenagers and nurses outside its offices , Sarkisyan died several hours later at the University of California at Los Angeles Medical Center .	Though Cigna reversed itself in the face of protests , including a rally of 150 teenagers and nurses outside its offices , Sarkisyan died several hours time at the University of California at Los Angeles Medical Center .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sharon suffered a major stroke five days earlier .	Sharon suffered a major stroke five days time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Analysts prefer Barclays , which has seen its shares bounce back more than 500 per cent since January .	Analysts prefer Barclays , which has seen its shares bounce back more than 500 per cent since march .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Also between 6 April 2010 and 2020 , the State Pension age for women , born on or after 6 April 1950 , will increase gradually to 65 years .	Also between 6 April 2010 and 2020 , the State Pension age for women , born on or after 7 April 1950 , will increase gradually to 65 years .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Also between 6 April 2010 and 2020 , the State Pension age for women , born on or after 6 April 1950 , will increase gradually to 65 years .	Also between 6 April 2010 and 2020 , the State Pension age for women , born on or after 5 April 1950 , will increase gradually to 65 years .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Also between 6 April 2010 and 2020 , the State Pension age for women , born on or after 6 April 1950 , will increase gradually to 65 years .	Also between 6 April 2010 and 2020 , the State Pension age for women , born on or at 6 April 1950 , will increase gradually to 65 years .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	, -LRB- TMHU -RRB- has been the No. 1 selling lift truck supplier in the U.S. since 2002 and currently offers a full line of high-quality lift trucks sold under the Toyota brand .	, -LRB- TMHU -RRB- has been the No. 1 selling lift truck supplier in the U.S. since 2004 and currently offers a full line of high-quality lift trucks sold under the Toyota brand .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few days later , as I recorded in my diary : '' I was the subject of considerable piss-taking over the photo in The Sun of me arriving at the Britney Spears party , clearly trying not to be seen . ''	A few days time , as I recorded in my diary : '' I was the subject of considerable piss-taking over the photo in The Sun of me arriving at the Britney Spears party , clearly trying not to be seen . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Independent News & Media 's two London-based titles will move to Northcliffe House , Associated 's HQ in Derry Street off Kensington High Street , at the end of January .	Independent News & Media 's two London-based titles will move to Northcliffe House , Associated 's HQ in Derry Street off Kensington High Street , before the end of february .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Independent News & Media 's two London-based titles will move to Northcliffe House , Associated 's HQ in Derry Street off Kensington High Street , at the end of January .	Independent News & Media 's two London-based titles will move to Northcliffe House , Associated 's HQ in Derry Street off Kensington High Street , after the end of January .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Police said staff were very shaken but not hurt during the incident at about 0912 BST on Friday .	Police said staff were very shaken but not hurt during the incident before about 913 BST on Friday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Police said staff were very shaken but not hurt during the incident at about 0912 BST on Friday .	Police said staff were very shaken but not hurt during the incident after about 0912 BST on Friday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	You need to have originated your troubled loan or loans on or before Jan .	You need to have originated your troubled loan or loans on or at Jan .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ultimately this will come down to money , and it will come down to money at the last hour , '' Mr. Berg said .	Ultimately this will come down to money , and it will come down to money after the last hour , '' Mr. Berg said .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Waterbury Hospital , the cornerstone of the Greater Waterbury Health Network , has been providing the local community with health care services since 1983 and is accredited by the Joint Commission on the Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations .	The Waterbury Hospital , the cornerstone of the Greater Waterbury Health Network , has been providing the local community with health care services since 1985 and is accredited by the Joint Commission on the Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Shares outstanding quadrupled from a year earlier .	Shares outstanding quadrupled from a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Heavy rain brought a halt to the second Wimbledon women 's semi-final between Serena Williams and Zheng Jie on Thursday at 1440 local -LRB- 1340 GMT -RRB- .	Heavy rain brought a halt to the second Wimbledon women 's semi-final between Serena Williams and Zheng Jie on Thursday before 1441 local -LRB- 1340 GMT -RRB- .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Heavy rain brought a halt to the second Wimbledon women 's semi-final between Serena Williams and Zheng Jie on Thursday at 1440 local -LRB- 1340 GMT -RRB- .	Heavy rain brought a halt to the second Wimbledon women 's semi-final between Serena Williams and Zheng Jie on Thursday after 1440 local -LRB- 1340 GMT -RRB- .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mosley has been FIA boss since 1993 and said during his time he had helped improve car and road safety .	Mosley has been FIA boss since 1995 and said during his time he had helped improve car and road safety .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Cincinnati-based company , which operates stores under its own name as well as Ralphs , King Soopers , Fry 's and Food 4 Less , reported a net loss of $ 874.9 million , or $ 1.35 per share , for the third quarter ended November 7 , while it had a profit of $ 237.7 million , or 36 cents per share , a year earlier .	The Cincinnati-based company , which operates stores under its own name as well as Ralphs , King Soopers , Fry 's and Food 4 Less , reported a net loss of $ 874.9 million , or $ 1.35 per share , for the third quarter ended November 7 , while it had a profit of $ 237.7 million , or 36 cents per share , a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The fire started in the stairwell of the three-storey building in Carfin at about 2035 GMT on Saturday .	The fire started in the stairwell of the three-storey building in Carfin before about 2036 GMT on Saturday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The fire started in the stairwell of the three-storey building in Carfin at about 2035 GMT on Saturday .	The fire started in the stairwell of the three-storey building in Carfin after about 2035 GMT on Saturday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It was England 's first win by an innings against South Africa since December 1964 when they won by an innings and 104 runs at the same ground .	It was England 's first win by an innings against South Africa since february 1964 when they won by an innings and 104 runs at the same ground .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	An Amber Alert was issued shortly after 8 a.m. when investigators learned that the boy was reported missing from the apartment .	An Amber Alert was issued shortly after 9 a.m. when investigators learned that the boy was reported missing from the apartment .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	An Amber Alert was issued shortly after 8 a.m. when investigators learned that the boy was reported missing from the apartment .	An Amber Alert was issued shortly after 7 a.m. when investigators learned that the boy was reported missing from the apartment .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	An Amber Alert was issued shortly after 8 a.m. when investigators learned that the boy was reported missing from the apartment .	An Amber Alert was issued shortly at 8 a.m. when investigators learned that the boy was reported missing from the apartment .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Having nurtured a youth development programme at Easter Road which gives young Scots the chance to make the grade , Collins admitted the relative impecuniousness of many SPL clubs , on the other hand , had worked in favour of Scotland because emerging footballers are now gaining experience at a high level .	Having nurtured a youth development programme after Easter Road which gives young Scots the chance to make the grade , Collins admitted the relative impecuniousness of many SPL clubs , on the other hand , had worked in favour of Scotland because emerging footballers are now gaining experience at a high level .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He and Carbonneau were Canadiens co-captains during the 1989-90 season after current Montreal GM Bob Gainey retired .	He and Carbonneau were Canadiens co-captains during the 1989-90 season at current Montreal GM Bob Gainey retired .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	White House interim communications director Anita Dunn will step down from her post at the end of the month and Dan Pfeiffer , her deputy , will take over , officials said Tuesday .	White House interim communications director Anita Dunn will step down from her post after the end of the month and Dan Pfeiffer , her deputy , will take over , officials said Tuesday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	+ Britain may allow condom ads before 9 p.m. + Sabathia to open season , stadium for N.Y. WASHINGTON , March 26 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- The U.S. space agency says it will have several events and activities to observe the 40th anniversary of the first moon landing that occurred July 20 , 1969 .	+ Britain may allow condom ads before 8 p.m. + Sabathia to open season , stadium for N.Y. WASHINGTON , March 26 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- The U.S. space agency says it will have several events and activities to observe the 40th anniversary of the first moon landing that occurred July 20 , 1969 .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	+ Britain may allow condom ads before 9 p.m. + Sabathia to open season , stadium for N.Y. WASHINGTON , March 26 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- The U.S. space agency says it will have several events and activities to observe the 40th anniversary of the first moon landing that occurred July 20 , 1969 .	+ Britain may allow condom ads before 10 p.m. + Sabathia to open season , stadium for N.Y. WASHINGTON , March 26 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- The U.S. space agency says it will have several events and activities to observe the 40th anniversary of the first moon landing that occurred July 20 , 1969 .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	+ Britain may allow condom ads before 9 p.m. + Sabathia to open season , stadium for N.Y. WASHINGTON , March 26 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- The U.S. space agency says it will have several events and activities to observe the 40th anniversary of the first moon landing that occurred July 20 , 1969 .	+ Britain may allow condom ads at 9 p.m. + Sabathia to open season , stadium for N.Y. WASHINGTON , March 26 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- The U.S. space agency says it will have several events and activities to observe the 40th anniversary of the first moon landing that occurred July 20 , 1969 .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Jose Montes-Ovalles and Maria Castellanos-Poveda were arrested on Thursday in Colombia and charged with acting on behalf of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , between 2006 and 2009 , according to an indictment unsealed in Manhattan federal court .	Jose Montes-Ovalles and Maria Castellanos-Poveda were arrested on Thursday in Colombia and charged with acting on behalf of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , between 2005 and 2009 , according to an indictment unsealed in Manhattan federal court .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Jose Montes-Ovalles and Maria Castellanos-Poveda were arrested on Thursday in Colombia and charged with acting on behalf of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , between 2006 and 2009 , according to an indictment unsealed in Manhattan federal court .	Jose Montes-Ovalles and Maria Castellanos-Poveda were arrested on Thursday in Colombia and charged with acting on behalf of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , between 2007 and 2009 , according to an indictment unsealed in Manhattan federal court .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The jury has also heard statements by witnesses and officials who have died since 1997 or can not be located , and those have not been challenged .	The jury has also heard statements by witnesses and officials who have died since 1999 or can not be located , and those have not been challenged .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Tijani , responsible for an annual budget of £ 1.2 m for child support strategy , was sacked a month later and the evidence was passed to police .	Tijani , responsible for an annual budget of £ 1.2 m for child support strategy , was sacked a month time and the evidence was passed to police .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Dallas led by 17 at the end of the first quarter and Phoenix never recovered , but the Suns sure came close .	Dallas led by 17 after the end of the first quarter and Phoenix never recovered , but the Suns sure came close .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	After years of letting the good times roll , Britain is hunkering down for a recession that analysts predict will last at least a year .	After years of letting the good times roll , Britain is hunkering down for a recession that analysts predict will last after least a year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A day earlier , it dismissed the final legal challenges to his re-election last month , paving the way for him to take a new oath of office as a civilian president by December 1 .	A day time , it dismissed the final legal challenges to his re-election last month , paving the way for him to take a new oath of office as a civilian president by December 1 .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The average 7.8 percent sales decline since February at Penney stores open at least a year compares with 7 percent at Kohl 's Corp. and 9 percent at Macy 's .	The average 7.8 percent sales decline since april at Penney stores open at least a year compares with 7 percent at Kohl 's Corp. and 9 percent at Macy 's .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The system gradually balanced to settle with a neutral linepack after flows into Bacton reduced at the end of the day .	The system gradually balanced to settle with a neutral linepack after flows into Bacton reduced after the end of the day .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Surplus capital has risen from £ 593 million to £ 656 million at the end of last year -- which , at nearly half of Amlin 's net tangible assets -LRB- NTA -RRB- , is high both in absolute and relative terms . ''	Surplus capital has risen from £ 593 million to £ 656 million after the end of last year -- which , at nearly half of Amlin 's net tangible assets -LRB- NTA -RRB- , is high both in absolute and relative terms . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	-- and About.com to gather intelligence and read product reviews before the big day .	-- and About.com to gather intelligence and read product reviews at the big day .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mrs Higgins was fined £ 1,000 and ordered to abide by a curfew to stay in her house between 6 pm and 7 am for the next seven weeks because she was unfit for community work .	Mrs Higgins was fined £ 1,000 and ordered to abide by a curfew to stay in her house between 5 pm and 7 am for the next seven weeks because she was unfit for community work .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Mrs Higgins was fined £ 1,000 and ordered to abide by a curfew to stay in her house between 6 pm and 7 am for the next seven weeks because she was unfit for community work .	Mrs Higgins was fined £ 1,000 and ordered to abide by a curfew to stay in her house between 7 pm and 7 am for the next seven weeks because she was unfit for community work .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	At one point rescuers looking for more bodies in a collapsed student dormitory in L ` Aquila had to run from the rubble as one of the bigger aftershocks hit shortly before midday .	At one point rescuers looking for more bodies in a collapsed student dormitory in L ` Aquila had to run from the rubble as one of the bigger aftershocks hit shortly at midday .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Cafcass figures reveal that , across England , there was a 26 per cent increase in applications for all forms of child protection orders made between 10 November and 20 November this year , compared with the same period in 2007 .	The Cafcass figures reveal that , across England , there was a 26 per cent increase in applications for all forms of child protection orders made between 9 November and 20 November this year , compared with the same period in 2007 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The Cafcass figures reveal that , across England , there was a 26 per cent increase in applications for all forms of child protection orders made between 10 November and 20 November this year , compared with the same period in 2007 .	The Cafcass figures reveal that , across England , there was a 26 per cent increase in applications for all forms of child protection orders made between 11 November and 20 November this year , compared with the same period in 2007 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Queensland forward was found shortly after 8 am on Sunday morning , disoriented and naked in a hotel corridor after he had attempted to gain entry into the room of a family who was leaving their accommodation .	The Queensland forward was found shortly after 9 am on Sunday morning , disoriented and naked in a hotel corridor after he had attempted to gain entry into the room of a family who was leaving their accommodation .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The Queensland forward was found shortly after 8 am on Sunday morning , disoriented and naked in a hotel corridor after he had attempted to gain entry into the room of a family who was leaving their accommodation .	The Queensland forward was found shortly after 7 am on Sunday morning , disoriented and naked in a hotel corridor after he had attempted to gain entry into the room of a family who was leaving their accommodation .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Queensland forward was found shortly after 8 am on Sunday morning , disoriented and naked in a hotel corridor after he had attempted to gain entry into the room of a family who was leaving their accommodation .	The Queensland forward was found shortly at 8 am on Sunday morning , disoriented and naked in a hotel corridor after he had attempted to gain entry into the room of a family who was leaving their accommodation .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Authorities blamed the Taliban for that attack and another one that happened about an hour earlier , in a city near Afghanistan 's border with Pakistan .	Authorities blamed the Taliban for that attack and another one that happened about an hour time , in a city near Afghanistan 's border with Pakistan .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Epstein does not mention that he and Némirovsky had converted to Catholicism only three years earlier , hoping to gain some security against the threat posed by Hitler .	Epstein does not mention that he and Némirovsky had converted to Catholicism only three years time , hoping to gain some security against the threat posed by Hitler .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Less than an hour later , he grabbed an M-16 rifle from a fellow soldier , stole a white Ford Explorer SUV and went back to the counseling facility , the report read .	Less than an hour time , he grabbed an M-16 rifle from a fellow soldier , stole a white Ford Explorer SUV and went back to the counseling facility , the report read .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	About two hours later , he received a phone call from Gustavo , telling him he had landed safely in Europe .	About two hours time , he received a phone call from Gustavo , telling him he had landed safely in Europe .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In its first reevaluation of breast cancer screening since 2002 , the federal panel that sets government policy on prevention recommended the radical change , citing evidence that the potential harms of all women getting annual exams beginning at age 40 outweigh the benefits .	In its first reevaluation of breast cancer screening since 2004 , the federal panel that sets government policy on prevention recommended the radical change , citing evidence that the potential harms of all women getting annual exams beginning at age 40 outweigh the benefits .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	By resigning , he gets nothing after next year . ''	By resigning , he gets nothing at next year . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She might be very cordial when you meet and then five minutes later ask who you are , '' Michael said .	She might be very cordial when you meet and then five minutes time ask who you are , '' Michael said .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Singapore 's economy is in recession and could experience negative growth next year , Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong warned at the weekend .	Singapore 's economy is in recession and could experience negative growth next year , Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong warned after the weekend .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Unexpectedly , Sastre held on to the maillot jaune and after yesterday 's promenade through the streets of the French capital , won the Tour by 58 seconds , becoming the third consecutive Spanish winner .	Unexpectedly , Sastre held on to the maillot jaune and at yesterday 's promenade through the streets of the French capital , won the Tour by 58 seconds , becoming the third consecutive Spanish winner .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Ashraf Ghani , who was Karzai 's de facto prime minister for three years , said that much of the £ 7.6 billion aid that had gone into Afghanistan since 2001 had been wasted .	Ashraf Ghani , who was Karzai 's de facto prime minister for three years , said that much of the £ 7.6 billion aid that had gone into Afghanistan since 2003 had been wasted .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Homeowners ' debt on their houses exceeds their equity in their homes for the first time since 1945 .	Homeowners ' debt on their houses exceeds their equity in their homes for the first time since 1947 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Q11 : Inventory dropped $ 832 million during the second quarter and is down $ 1.621 billion since the end of 2008 .	Q11 : Inventory dropped $ 832 million during the second quarter and is down $ 1.621 billion since the end of 2010 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He is also expected to confirm that the first devices loaded with the software will be available before the end of this year .	He is also expected to confirm that the first devices loaded with the software will be available at the end of this year .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The men had travelled to Trinidad and Tobago , via Spain and Venezuela , where Doo purchased Dances With Waves with a false Irish passport four months earlier .	The men had travelled to Trinidad and Tobago , via Spain and Venezuela , where Doo purchased Dances With Waves with a false Irish passport four months time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Black Friday -- which falls on the day after Thanksgiving and officially starts the holiday shopping period -- received its name because it historically was the day when a surge of shoppers helped stores break into profitability for the full year .	Black Friday -- which falls on the day at Thanksgiving and officially starts the holiday shopping period -- received its name because it historically was the day when a surge of shoppers helped stores break into profitability for the full year .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Company had 11.6 million common shares outstanding at September 30 , 2008 .	The Company had 11.6 million common shares outstanding before october 30 , 2008 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Company had 11.6 million common shares outstanding at September 30 , 2008 .	The Company had 11.6 million common shares outstanding after September 30 , 2008 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Cash and investments amounted to $ 35.4 million at September 30 , 2008 , or $ 3.05 per share , and the Company had no long-term debt .	Cash and investments amounted to $ 35.4 million before october 30 , 2008 , or $ 3.05 per share , and the Company had no long-term debt .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Cash and investments amounted to $ 35.4 million at September 30 , 2008 , or $ 3.05 per share , and the Company had no long-term debt .	Cash and investments amounted to $ 35.4 million after September 30 , 2008 , or $ 3.05 per share , and the Company had no long-term debt .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	-LRB- TRIPOLI , Libya -RRB- -- A Libyan official says the hijackers of a plane from Sudan 's Darfur region are releasing passengers -- but not crew -- after landing hours earlier at an airfield in southern Libya .	-LRB- TRIPOLI , Libya -RRB- -- A Libyan official says the hijackers of a plane from Sudan 's Darfur region are releasing passengers -- but not crew -- after landing hours time at an airfield in southern Libya .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The seeming inevitability of a final , bloody confrontation has grown amid Western outrage over attacks that killed hundreds at the weekend and which aid agencies said was making it impossible to help those people still being held by the Tigers . ''	The seeming inevitability of a final , bloody confrontation has grown amid Western outrage over attacks that killed hundreds after the weekend and which aid agencies said was making it impossible to help those people still being held by the Tigers . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Fulham playmaker Davies hoped to be available for selection for Wales ' games in Helsinki on 10 October and in Lichtenstein four days later .	Fulham playmaker Davies hoped to be available for selection for Wales ' games in Helsinki on 10 October and in Lichtenstein four days time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It is the fourth time since 2008 that emergency law has been declared in the capital because of political turmoil .	It is the fourth time since 2010 that emergency law has been declared in the capital because of political turmoil .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Shoaib maintains he has been made the scapegoat after Pakistan 's Test and one-day series defeats by rivals India at the end of last year .	Shoaib maintains he has been made the scapegoat after Pakistan 's Test and one-day series defeats by rivals India after the end of last year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	I think they 're very lucky to get a home game in a World Cup that 's supposedly hosted in France , '' said Larkham who is looking forward to a third win over the Welsh since 2005 .	I think they 're very lucky to get a home game in a World Cup that 's supposedly hosted in France , '' said Larkham who is looking forward to a third win over the Welsh since 2007 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Seconds later , host Mary Hart did her best to bring the ceremony back to Earth .	Seconds time , host Mary Hart did her best to bring the ceremony back to Earth .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Net income totaled $ 342 million , or 20 cents a share , compared with a loss of $ 54 million , or 3 cents , a year earlier , the Atlanta company said .	Net income totaled $ 342 million , or 20 cents a share , compared with a loss of $ 54 million , or 3 cents , a year time , the Atlanta company said .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Birmingham pulled a goal back two minutes later with Cameron Jerome heading home from what looked like an offside position following a cross from James McFadden .	Birmingham pulled a goal back two minutes time with Cameron Jerome heading home from what looked like an offside position following a cross from James McFadden .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Five unnamed people were arrrested in the provinces of Vienna , Lower and Upper Austria and Carinthia between February and the beginning of April , said prosecutor spokesman Gerhard Jarosch .	Five unnamed people were arrrested in the provinces of Vienna , Lower and Upper Austria and Carinthia between january and the beginning of April , said prosecutor spokesman Gerhard Jarosch .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Five unnamed people were arrrested in the provinces of Vienna , Lower and Upper Austria and Carinthia between February and the beginning of April , said prosecutor spokesman Gerhard Jarosch .	Five unnamed people were arrrested in the provinces of Vienna , Lower and Upper Austria and Carinthia between march and the beginning of April , said prosecutor spokesman Gerhard Jarosch .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Police and the elite Revolutionary Guard were the most potent weapon in crushing massive street demonstrations after last year 's disputed June presidential election .	Police and the elite Revolutionary Guard were the most potent weapon in crushing massive street demonstrations after last year 's disputed july presidential election .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Police and the elite Revolutionary Guard were the most potent weapon in crushing massive street demonstrations after last year 's disputed June presidential election .	Police and the elite Revolutionary Guard were the most potent weapon in crushing massive street demonstrations after last year 's disputed may presidential election .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Police and the elite Revolutionary Guard were the most potent weapon in crushing massive street demonstrations after last year 's disputed June presidential election .	Police and the elite Revolutionary Guard were the most potent weapon in crushing massive street demonstrations at last year 's disputed June presidential election .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A year earlier it was first .	A year time it was first .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	So when comparing Melanie Oudin 's meteoric run at this week 's United States Open to the past , it doesn ' t seem so meteoric ; Oudin is a mature 17 herself .	So when comparing Melanie Oudin 's meteoric run after this week 's United States Open to the past , it doesn ' t seem so meteoric ; Oudin is a mature 17 herself .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	At September 30 , 2009 , cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $ 56.3 million as compared to $ 90.4 million at December 31 , 2008 .	At September 30 , 2009 , cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $ 56.3 million as compared to $ 90.4 million before january 31 , 2008 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	At September 30 , 2009 , cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $ 56.3 million as compared to $ 90.4 million at December 31 , 2008 .	At September 30 , 2009 , cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $ 56.3 million as compared to $ 90.4 million after December 31 , 2008 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The note tells how Queen Elizabeth and King George VI heard a diving Nazi plane then seconds later the '' scream '' of a bomb which flew past them and landed in the palace 's internal courtyard .	The note tells how Queen Elizabeth and King George VI heard a diving Nazi plane then seconds time the '' scream '' of a bomb which flew past them and landed in the palace 's internal courtyard .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two hours later , the train stopped in the city of Shaoguan -- where it was stuck for 10 hours , Wang said .	Two hours time , the train stopped in the city of Shaoguan -- where it was stuck for 10 hours , Wang said .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It was the first time that Mr Clegg , 41 , had addressed delegates as leader of the Liberal Democratic Party , having been elected at the end of last year .	It was the first time that Mr Clegg , 41 , had addressed delegates as leader of the Liberal Democratic Party , having been elected after the end of last year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The wife of the 41st president and mother of the 43rd was diagnosed with the heart condition less than a week before Wednesday 's operation .	The wife of the 41st president and mother of the 43rd was diagnosed with the heart condition less than a week at Wednesday 's operation .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Opposition challengers say they will stage mass protests after January 5 if there is evidence of ballot fraud .	Opposition challengers say they will stage mass protests after february 5 if there is evidence of ballot fraud .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Opposition challengers say they will stage mass protests after January 5 if there is evidence of ballot fraud .	Opposition challengers say they will stage mass protests after december 5 if there is evidence of ballot fraud .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Opposition challengers say they will stage mass protests after January 5 if there is evidence of ballot fraud .	Opposition challengers say they will stage mass protests at January 5 if there is evidence of ballot fraud .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Fed has cut rates by three quarters of a percentage point since September to shore up the economy .	The Fed has cut rates by three quarters of a percentage point since november to shore up the economy .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Now Harrington returns as the two-time defending champion -- and reigning PGA Championship titlist -- who has missed six cuts in his last seven tournaments while retooling his swing , as Woods returns as the overwhelming favorite who has won thrice since March after retooling both his knee -LRB- in 2008 -RRB- and his swing -LRB- in 2003-04-05 -RRB- .	Now Harrington returns as the two-time defending champion -- and reigning PGA Championship titlist -- who has missed six cuts in his last seven tournaments while retooling his swing , as Woods returns as the overwhelming favorite who has won thrice since may after retooling both his knee -LRB- in 2008 -RRB- and his swing -LRB- in 2003-04-05 -RRB- .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	North Carolina prosecutors allege Laurean killed Lauterbach on December 14 , 2007 , and used her ATM card 10 days later before fleeing to Mexico .	North Carolina prosecutors allege Laurean killed Lauterbach on December 14 , 2007 , and used her ATM card 10 days time before fleeing to Mexico .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Bank of England 's Monetary Policy Committee is expected to cut interest rates by at least one percentage point today , taking them to 2 per cent - the lowest figure since 1951 .	The Bank of England 's Monetary Policy Committee is expected to cut interest rates by at least one percentage point today , taking them to 2 per cent - the lowest figure since 1953 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The company reported a fourth-quarter profit of $ 187.4 million , or $ 2.94 a share , up from $ 95.7 million , or $ 1.38 a share , a year earlier .	The company reported a fourth-quarter profit of $ 187.4 million , or $ 2.94 a share , up from $ 95.7 million , or $ 1.38 a share , a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Edler made it 2-0 less than a minute later , but Koivu cut the lead to 2-1 with 1 : 46 left in the first period .	Edler made it 2-0 less than a minute time , but Koivu cut the lead to 2-1 with 1 : 46 left in the first period .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Joe Thornton , the Sharks ' other All-Star along with coach Ron Wilson , picked up three assists to avoid his first three-game scoring drought since late 2006 .	Joe Thornton , the Sharks ' other All-Star along with coach Ron Wilson , picked up three assists to avoid his first three-game scoring drought since late 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In 1992 , George H. W. Bush mocked him as the '' ozone man , '' but three years later the scientists who discovered the threat to the ozone layer won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry .	In 1992 , George H. W. Bush mocked him as the '' ozone man , '' but three years time the scientists who discovered the threat to the ozone layer won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Still , the mood was subdued as residents came to terms with the scale of the violence unleashed against the mostly unarmed protesters by government troops a day earlier .	Still , the mood was subdued as residents came to terms with the scale of the violence unleashed against the mostly unarmed protesters by government troops a day time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The San Diego State pitcher and the Washington Nationals agreed to a record contract just before Monday 's midnight deadline , a four-year deal that will pay the hard-throwing right-hander slightly more than $ 15.1 million .	The San Diego State pitcher and the Washington Nationals agreed to a record contract just at Monday 's midnight deadline , a four-year deal that will pay the hard-throwing right-hander slightly more than $ 15.1 million .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ali Williams wasted one opportunity by going himself and ignoring the overlap but New Zealand kept possession , swung it left and McCaw picked up a floated pass from Sivivatu to put New Zealand ahead just after the hour mark .	Ali Williams wasted one opportunity by going himself and ignoring the overlap but New Zealand kept possession , swung it left and McCaw picked up a floated pass from Sivivatu to put New Zealand ahead just at the hour mark .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Officers patrolled the Oxford Road area of the town at the weekend .	Officers patrolled the Oxford Road area of the town after the weekend .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Angels planned to pay tribute to the 22-year-old pitcher before Friday night 's opener of a three-game series against Boston in Anaheim .	The Angels planned to pay tribute to the 22-year-old pitcher at Friday night 's opener of a three-game series against Boston in Anaheim .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Tonight , at 2300 BST on BBC2 Scotland , we 'll return , and we 'll take with us a troubleshooter .	Tonight , before 2301 BST on BBC2 Scotland , we 'll return , and we 'll take with us a troubleshooter .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Tonight , at 2300 BST on BBC2 Scotland , we 'll return , and we 'll take with us a troubleshooter .	Tonight , after 2300 BST on BBC2 Scotland , we 'll return , and we 'll take with us a troubleshooter .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He entered private practice sometime before 1990 , and since then , Mr. Bergrin 's client list has allowed him to move through divergent worlds .	He entered private practice sometime before 1989 , and since then , Mr. Bergrin 's client list has allowed him to move through divergent worlds .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	He entered private practice sometime before 1990 , and since then , Mr. Bergrin 's client list has allowed him to move through divergent worlds .	He entered private practice sometime before 1991 , and since then , Mr. Bergrin 's client list has allowed him to move through divergent worlds .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He entered private practice sometime before 1990 , and since then , Mr. Bergrin 's client list has allowed him to move through divergent worlds .	He entered private practice sometime at 1990 , and since then , Mr. Bergrin 's client list has allowed him to move through divergent worlds .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	By comparison , U.S. auto sales due later on Tuesday are expected to show the market there slumping to its worst year since 1982 , or possibly 1970 .	By comparison , U.S. auto sales due later on Tuesday are expected to show the market there slumping to its worst year since 1984 , or possibly 1970 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Their co-conspirator sergeant Kieran Campbell , 27 , also of 5 Scots -LRB- previously soldier B -RRB- was also jailed for four years today after previously pleading guilty to both charges and coming forward to give evidence for the Crown during the trial .	Their co-conspirator sergeant Kieran Campbell , 27 , also of 5 Scots -LRB- previously soldier B -RRB- was also jailed for four years today at previously pleading guilty to both charges and coming forward to give evidence for the Crown during the trial .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A half-hour before Tuesday 's strike was to begin , Sarkozy , Fillon and Transport Minister Dominique Bussereau met with the directors of the national and regional rail systems as well as the directors of the public electric and gas utility companies EDF and GDF .	A half-hour at Tuesday 's strike was to begin , Sarkozy , Fillon and Transport Minister Dominique Bussereau met with the directors of the national and regional rail systems as well as the directors of the public electric and gas utility companies EDF and GDF .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Rooney is almost certain to miss the potential Barclays Premier League title decider against Chelsea at Old Trafford on Saturday and will probably be unavailable for the return leg at home to Bayern four days later .	Rooney is almost certain to miss the potential Barclays Premier League title decider against Chelsea at Old Trafford on Saturday and will probably be unavailable for the return leg at home to Bayern four days time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Schalke took a ninth minute lead through defender Heiko Westermann , only for Wolffsburg -- who are unbeaten at home this season -- to level 17 minutes later when Grafite scoed from the penalty spot after being brought down in the area .	Schalke took a ninth minute lead through defender Heiko Westermann , only for Wolffsburg -- who are unbeaten at home this season -- to level 17 minutes time when Grafite scoed from the penalty spot after being brought down in the area .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Slovak held serve at the start of the second set and had two break points in the following game , but two unforced errors allowed Safina to get back to deuce .	The Slovak held serve after the start of the second set and had two break points in the following game , but two unforced errors allowed Safina to get back to deuce .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Compounding things Sunday , he took a bad tumble in slalom training two days earlier , flying about 35 feet before landing on his left hip .	Compounding things Sunday , he took a bad tumble in slalom training two days time , flying about 35 feet before landing on his left hip .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Even before the dust has settled after this weekend 's iPad bonanza , Apple is ready to announce a new iPhone operating system .	Even before the dust has settled at this weekend 's iPad bonanza , Apple is ready to announce a new iPhone operating system .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The pace is being set in Asia , mainly by the Chinese , who since 2003 have been putting their own astronauts into orbit and are now actively developing a lunar lander .	The pace is being set in Asia , mainly by the Chinese , who since 2005 have been putting their own astronauts into orbit and are now actively developing a lunar lander .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	A separate government report showed that the producer price index increased 0.2 percent and that a measure excluding food and energy costs climbed 0.3 percent , more than projected and the biggest gain since January . ''	A separate government report showed that the producer price index increased 0.2 percent and that a measure excluding food and energy costs climbed 0.3 percent , more than projected and the biggest gain since march . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The record on that is 369 on October 05 1992 at about 1130 AM .	The record on that is 369 on October 05 1992 before about 1131 AM .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The record on that is 369 on October 05 1992 at about 1130 AM .	The record on that is 369 on October 05 1992 after about 1130 AM .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Leverence , who has been overseeing the academy 's awards program since 1980 , says this year 's nominations also reflect the voters ' predilection toward serial dramas , such as '' Lost , '' '' Breaking Bad '' and '' Dexter , '' which differs from the days of stand-alone episodics such as '' Law & Order '' receiving noms year after year .	Leverence , who has been overseeing the academy 's awards program since 1982 , says this year 's nominations also reflect the voters ' predilection toward serial dramas , such as '' Lost , '' '' Breaking Bad '' and '' Dexter , '' which differs from the days of stand-alone episodics such as '' Law & Order '' receiving noms year after year .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	While hardly disastrous in a year in which most of the broadcast networks have suffered audience declines , it is worth noting that Fox was the only broadcast network whose average prime-time audience was up last fall , as compared with a year earlier .	While hardly disastrous in a year in which most of the broadcast networks have suffered audience declines , it is worth noting that Fox was the only broadcast network whose average prime-time audience was up last fall , as compared with a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Bloom , best known for his roles in the '' Pirates of the Caribbean '' and '' Lord of the Rings '' films , has supported UNICEF 's work since 2007 , when he first visited schools in impoverished districts of Nepal .	Bloom , best known for his roles in the '' Pirates of the Caribbean '' and '' Lord of the Rings '' films , has supported UNICEF 's work since 2009 , when he first visited schools in impoverished districts of Nepal .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The protesters have held almost-daily demonstrations since May .	The protesters have held almost-daily demonstrations since july .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Michigan has had the nation 's highest average annual jobless rate since 2006 .	Michigan has had the nation 's highest average annual jobless rate since 2008 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The drone hit the target when a large number of people had assembled for the burial of an Afghan commander slain hours earlier in a similar strike .	The drone hit the target when a large number of people had assembled for the burial of an Afghan commander slain hours time in a similar strike .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Victor Anichebe crossed for Saha to put Everton ahead with a deflected cross two minutes later , and three minutes after that the former Fulham and Manchester United forward advanced unchallenged to drill a 25-yard drive into the bottom corner .	Victor Anichebe crossed for Saha to put Everton ahead with a deflected cross two minutes time , and three minutes after that the former Fulham and Manchester United forward advanced unchallenged to drill a 25-yard drive into the bottom corner .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In the city of New Haven , where some 50 properties in foreclosure have been auctioned since October , community leaders are trying to coordinate their efforts to help distressed homeowners .	In the city of New Haven , where some 50 properties in foreclosure have been auctioned since december , community leaders are trying to coordinate their efforts to help distressed homeowners .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Labour government was the first to take action to '' give justice to the Gurkhas '' since 1997 , Brown said .	The Labour government was the first to take action to '' give justice to the Gurkhas '' since 1999 , Brown said .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Investigators in Strasbourg said at the weekend that Ms. Moskalenko 's family bought the car in an August from an antiques dealer who used it to carry merchandise , including an old thermometer that had broken accidentally .	Investigators in Strasbourg said after the weekend that Ms. Moskalenko 's family bought the car in an August from an antiques dealer who used it to carry merchandise , including an old thermometer that had broken accidentally .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Things didn ' t get any better for the Wildcats at the start of the second half .	Things didn ' t get any better for the Wildcats after the start of the second half .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Burnley boss Owen Coyle , whose side have now not won a league game since October , refused to defend his side after the game , despite their glut of chances on goal .	Burnley boss Owen Coyle , whose side have now not won a league game since december , refused to defend his side after the game , despite their glut of chances on goal .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	But you 've got to hand it to the Pennington family , castellans of Muncaster since 1208 .	But you 've got to hand it to the Pennington family , castellans of Muncaster since 1210 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The loaves of white and wheat bread with tags dated before April 9 were distributed by Unified Grocers and other distributors to independent grocery stores in Southern California , Nevada and Arizona .	The loaves of white and wheat bread with tags dated before march 9 were distributed by Unified Grocers and other distributors to independent grocery stores in Southern California , Nevada and Arizona .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The loaves of white and wheat bread with tags dated before April 9 were distributed by Unified Grocers and other distributors to independent grocery stores in Southern California , Nevada and Arizona .	The loaves of white and wheat bread with tags dated before may 9 were distributed by Unified Grocers and other distributors to independent grocery stores in Southern California , Nevada and Arizona .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The loaves of white and wheat bread with tags dated before April 9 were distributed by Unified Grocers and other distributors to independent grocery stores in Southern California , Nevada and Arizona .	The loaves of white and wheat bread with tags dated at April 9 were distributed by Unified Grocers and other distributors to independent grocery stores in Southern California , Nevada and Arizona .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	One supplier to Coombe Castle is Charles Martell , who has made cheese on his Gloucestershire farm since 1972 .	One supplier to Coombe Castle is Charles Martell , who has made cheese on his Gloucestershire farm since 1974 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	He was the person that spurred the return of the refugees ... by buying land and giving loans for productive projects between 1992 and said Gunther Mussig , who led the U.N.-sponsored organization that oversaw the repatriation .	He was the person that spurred the return of the refugees ... by buying land and giving loans for productive projects between 1991 and said Gunther Mussig , who led the U.N.-sponsored organization that oversaw the repatriation .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	He was the person that spurred the return of the refugees ... by buying land and giving loans for productive projects between 1992 and said Gunther Mussig , who led the U.N.-sponsored organization that oversaw the repatriation .	He was the person that spurred the return of the refugees ... by buying land and giving loans for productive projects between 1993 and said Gunther Mussig , who led the U.N.-sponsored organization that oversaw the repatriation .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	It is the first time since February that the average cost of these mortgages has fallen .	It is the first time since april that the average cost of these mortgages has fallen .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Four months later , police allege that he took a baseball bat and fatally smashed open the head of a rival gang member in a Fairfax park and then fled to New York , where he was arrested last month .	Four months time , police allege that he took a baseball bat and fatally smashed open the head of a rival gang member in a Fairfax park and then fled to New York , where he was arrested last month .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The U.S. Department of Agriculture says San Antonio , Texas , has experienced its driest 22-month period ever through June , with less than 24 inches of rain since September 2007 , the San Antonio Express-New reported Saturday .	The U.S. Department of Agriculture says San Antonio , Texas , has experienced its driest 22-month period ever through June , with less than 24 inches of rain since november 2007 , the San Antonio Express-New reported Saturday .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Its solvency ratio was 150 per cent at September 30 , at the level the company considers comfortable for maintaining operations .	Its solvency ratio was 150 per cent before october 30 , at the level the company considers comfortable for maintaining operations .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Its solvency ratio was 150 per cent at September 30 , at the level the company considers comfortable for maintaining operations .	Its solvency ratio was 150 per cent after September 30 , at the level the company considers comfortable for maintaining operations .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	By the time Liu Xiaobo , an academic , was sentenced to 11 years in prison in December , dissident debate surrounding the reform manifesto he had issued a year earlier had long subsided .	By the time Liu Xiaobo , an academic , was sentenced to 11 years in prison in December , dissident debate surrounding the reform manifesto he had issued a year time had long subsided .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 7,000 scribes have been prepped by their leadership not to expect too much or call off the celebrity-laden picketlines which have become a tourist attraction around Los Angeles since last November .	The 7,000 scribes have been prepped by their leadership not to expect too much or call off the celebrity-laden picketlines which have become a tourist attraction around Los Angeles since last january .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	In Asian trading , light , sweet oil for January delivery edged up 61 cents to $ 50.03 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange after earlier falling as low as $ 48.25 , the lowest since May 2005 .	In Asian trading , light , sweet oil for January delivery edged up 61 cents to $ 50.03 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange after earlier falling as low as $ 48.25 , the lowest since july 2005 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	McAllister , who wears a brace on his left knee since surgery last year , missed practice on Thursday after having fluid drained from the knee a day earlier .	McAllister , who wears a brace on his left knee since surgery last year , missed practice on Thursday after having fluid drained from the knee a day time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hours later , the doctors made the diagnosis .	Hours time , the doctors made the diagnosis .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But at the end of a two-day bus trip through Ohio this week , Biden acknowledged in an interview that he and others still have more work to do in selling Obama to those voters before Election Day .	But at the end of a two-day bus trip through Ohio this week , Biden acknowledged in an interview that he and others still have more work to do in selling Obama to those voters at Election Day .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Jim Paice , MP for SE Cambridgeshire , has called for a summit meeting about the A1307 where a father and his two sons were killed at the weekend .	Jim Paice , MP for SE Cambridgeshire , has called for a summit meeting about the A1307 where a father and his two sons were killed after the weekend .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The film remained widely popular more than two decades later and recently spawned a stage musical version .	The film remained widely popular more than two decades time and recently spawned a stage musical version .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Asking one 's non-gardening partner to tattie-howk five identical Kerr 's Pinks before 8 am on just one cup of coffee does take a certain presumption of true love , but then I have my own problems .	Asking one 's non-gardening partner to tattie-howk five identical Kerr 's Pinks before 7 am on just one cup of coffee does take a certain presumption of true love , but then I have my own problems .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Asking one 's non-gardening partner to tattie-howk five identical Kerr 's Pinks before 8 am on just one cup of coffee does take a certain presumption of true love , but then I have my own problems .	Asking one 's non-gardening partner to tattie-howk five identical Kerr 's Pinks before 9 am on just one cup of coffee does take a certain presumption of true love , but then I have my own problems .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Asking one 's non-gardening partner to tattie-howk five identical Kerr 's Pinks before 8 am on just one cup of coffee does take a certain presumption of true love , but then I have my own problems .	Asking one 's non-gardening partner to tattie-howk five identical Kerr 's Pinks at 8 am on just one cup of coffee does take a certain presumption of true love , but then I have my own problems .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Statistics from Transport Canada 's Civil Aviation Daily Occurrence Reporting System indicated that most of the Greater Toronto incidents happened between 8 p.m. and midnight , targeting planes either shortly after lift-off or shortly before landing at Pearson International Airport , The Toronto Star reported Monday .	Statistics from Transport Canada 's Civil Aviation Daily Occurrence Reporting System indicated that most of the Greater Toronto incidents happened between 7 p.m. and midnight , targeting planes either shortly after lift-off or shortly before landing at Pearson International Airport , The Toronto Star reported Monday .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Statistics from Transport Canada 's Civil Aviation Daily Occurrence Reporting System indicated that most of the Greater Toronto incidents happened between 8 p.m. and midnight , targeting planes either shortly after lift-off or shortly before landing at Pearson International Airport , The Toronto Star reported Monday .	Statistics from Transport Canada 's Civil Aviation Daily Occurrence Reporting System indicated that most of the Greater Toronto incidents happened between 9 p.m. and midnight , targeting planes either shortly after lift-off or shortly before landing at Pearson International Airport , The Toronto Star reported Monday .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The head of the Justice Department 's embattled Civil Rights Division is to resign at the end of August , officials said yesterday , making him the latest in a series of senior political appointees to leave the agency amid continued controversy over Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales . ''	The head of the Justice Department 's embattled Civil Rights Division is to resign before the end of september , officials said yesterday , making him the latest in a series of senior political appointees to leave the agency amid continued controversy over Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales . ''	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The head of the Justice Department 's embattled Civil Rights Division is to resign at the end of August , officials said yesterday , making him the latest in a series of senior political appointees to leave the agency amid continued controversy over Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales . ''	The head of the Justice Department 's embattled Civil Rights Division is to resign after the end of August , officials said yesterday , making him the latest in a series of senior political appointees to leave the agency amid continued controversy over Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Bulgaria 's Ataka lives up to its name with verbal onslaughts against the country 's Turks , and has taken 10 % of the vote since 2005 .	Bulgaria 's Ataka lives up to its name with verbal onslaughts against the country 's Turks , and has taken 10 % of the vote since 2007 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Last year , 140 U.S. banks failed , 17 of them in California , the most since 1992 at the end of the savings and loan crisis .	Last year , 140 U.S. banks failed , 17 of them in California , the most since 1994 at the end of the savings and loan crisis .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	- In a warehouse outside of Helsinki hundreds of buyers gathered to bid in a three-day auction of mink , fox and other furs just before Christmas .	- In a warehouse outside of Helsinki hundreds of buyers gathered to bid in a three-day auction of mink , fox and other furs just at Christmas .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	No doubt to sidestep any related problems , more than 100 colleges and universities have applied to participate in the direct loan program since the end of February , according to the department .	No doubt to sidestep any related problems , more than 100 colleges and universities have applied to participate in the direct loan program since the end of april , according to the department .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Yankees are used to dealing with ancillary issues at the start of spring training .	The Yankees are used to dealing with ancillary issues before the start of summer training .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Yankees are used to dealing with ancillary issues at the start of spring training .	The Yankees are used to dealing with ancillary issues after the start of spring training .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Glenn won and went on to the Senate ; Metzenbaum followed two years later , winning Ohio 's second seat , and rueing the day he ignored his campaign chief 's advice : '' He is a hero , you can ' t touch him . ''	Glenn won and went on to the Senate ; Metzenbaum followed two years time , winning Ohio 's second seat , and rueing the day he ignored his campaign chief 's advice : '' He is a hero , you can ' t touch him . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This 1982 ad comparing the C64 to the Apple II may be the first TV spot ever to target Steve Jobs ' company , but its message -- that Commodore offers better specs than Apple at a much lower price -- is the same one that Microsoft employed 27 years later in its '' Laptop Hunter '' ads .	This 1982 ad comparing the C64 to the Apple II may be the first TV spot ever to target Steve Jobs ' company , but its message -- that Commodore offers better specs than Apple at a much lower price -- is the same one that Microsoft employed 27 years time in its '' Laptop Hunter '' ads .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Julian Goose , QC , opening for the prosecution , said that Mr Castree lured a nine-year-old girl into his taxi nine months later and took her to a derelict house , where he subjected her a similar assault before she kicked out , broke free and ran home . ''	Julian Goose , QC , opening for the prosecution , said that Mr Castree lured a nine-year-old girl into his taxi nine months time and took her to a derelict house , where he subjected her a similar assault before she kicked out , broke free and ran home . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	For some critics , that evoked Mr. Ford 's reluctance to bail out the city at the nadir of the fiscal crisis a year earlier .	For some critics , that evoked Mr. Ford 's reluctance to bail out the city at the nadir of the fiscal crisis a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The company posted a wider third-quarter loss of $ 10.1 million , compared with a loss of $ 5.9 million a year earlier .	The company posted a wider third-quarter loss of $ 10.1 million , compared with a loss of $ 5.9 million a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Fourteen-year-old Naomi Ball was last seen at about 2100 BST in Blackpool Street , Burton-on-Trent , on 9 October .	Fourteen-year-old Naomi Ball was last seen before about 2101 BST in Blackpool Street , Burton-on-Trent , on 9 October .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Fourteen-year-old Naomi Ball was last seen at about 2100 BST in Blackpool Street , Burton-on-Trent , on 9 October .	Fourteen-year-old Naomi Ball was last seen after about 2100 BST in Blackpool Street , Burton-on-Trent , on 9 October .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The December 2007 Southern Oscillation Index -LRB- SOI -RRB- of 14.4 is the highest monthly SOI since April 2006 .	The December 2007 Southern Oscillation Index -LRB- SOI -RRB- of 14.4 is the highest monthly SOI since june 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	I get up just after 7 am except on the weekends and holidays , when it is possible to sleep in , '' he writes .	I get up just after 8 am except on the weekends and holidays , when it is possible to sleep in , '' he writes .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	I get up just after 7 am except on the weekends and holidays , when it is possible to sleep in , '' he writes .	I get up just after 6 am except on the weekends and holidays , when it is possible to sleep in , '' he writes .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I get up just after 7 am except on the weekends and holidays , when it is possible to sleep in , '' he writes .	I get up just at 7 am except on the weekends and holidays , when it is possible to sleep in , '' he writes .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Half an hour later , the 50 have been reduced to 10 ; then the 10 , finally , to 2 .	Half an hour time , the 50 have been reduced to 10 ; then the 10 , finally , to 2 .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Worldwide demand for gold items such as necklaces , rings and bracelets fell to 2,158 tonnes , down 10.2 per cent from 2007 and the lowest since 1989 , according to a report released on Tuesday by GFMS , the precious metals consultancy .	Worldwide demand for gold items such as necklaces , rings and bracelets fell to 2,158 tonnes , down 10.2 per cent from 2007 and the lowest since 1991 , according to a report released on Tuesday by GFMS , the precious metals consultancy .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Polls opened for the third segment of the marathon , five-stage election and wraps up on May 13 , with the final results expected three days later .	Polls opened for the third segment of the marathon , five-stage election and wraps up on May 13 , with the final results expected three days time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The LDP has to call an election before September , but the opposition Democratic Party of Japan controls the upper house of the Diet and has been blocking the government 's bills and demanding a general election , leaving national politics at an impasse .	The LDP has to call an election before august , but the opposition Democratic Party of Japan controls the upper house of the Diet and has been blocking the government 's bills and demanding a general election , leaving national politics at an impasse .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The LDP has to call an election before September , but the opposition Democratic Party of Japan controls the upper house of the Diet and has been blocking the government 's bills and demanding a general election , leaving national politics at an impasse .	The LDP has to call an election before october , but the opposition Democratic Party of Japan controls the upper house of the Diet and has been blocking the government 's bills and demanding a general election , leaving national politics at an impasse .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The LDP has to call an election before September , but the opposition Democratic Party of Japan controls the upper house of the Diet and has been blocking the government 's bills and demanding a general election , leaving national politics at an impasse .	The LDP has to call an election at September , but the opposition Democratic Party of Japan controls the upper house of the Diet and has been blocking the government 's bills and demanding a general election , leaving national politics at an impasse .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Aruba People 's Party defeated the People 's Electoral Movement , led by Nelson Orlando Oduber , who had been prime minister since 2001 .	The Aruba People 's Party defeated the People 's Electoral Movement , led by Nelson Orlando Oduber , who had been prime minister since 2003 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Stephen Green works in a cafe close to where the body was found , and was in work on Saturday when Ms Roberts ' body was discovered at 1400 BST .	Stephen Green works in a cafe close to where the body was found , and was in work on Saturday when Ms Roberts ' body was discovered before 1401 BST .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Stephen Green works in a cafe close to where the body was found , and was in work on Saturday when Ms Roberts ' body was discovered at 1400 BST .	Stephen Green works in a cafe close to where the body was found , and was in work on Saturday when Ms Roberts ' body was discovered after 1400 BST .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Authorities said they broke up a major methamphetamine distribution ring that had been operating in the area since January 2006 .	Authorities said they broke up a major methamphetamine distribution ring that had been operating in the area since march 2006 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A North Korean patrol boat crossed the disputed sea border before noon , drawing warning shots from a South Korean navy vessel , South Korea 's Joint Chiefs of Staff said in a statement .	A North Korean patrol boat crossed the disputed sea border at noon , drawing warning shots from a South Korean navy vessel , South Korea 's Joint Chiefs of Staff said in a statement .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The 30-year-old Vickerman 's Cambridge colleagues unveiled at Thursday 's team announcement included former Leicester fly-half Ross Broadfoot and ex-Ulster prop Niall Conlon .	The 30-year-old Vickerman 's Cambridge colleagues unveiled after Thursday 's team announcement included former Leicester fly-half Ross Broadfoot and ex-Ulster prop Niall Conlon .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A rate cut had been expected , but Wednesday 's action was a day earlier than scheduled , and came in concert with similar cuts from six central banks around the world , aimed at stimulating the global economy .	A rate cut had been expected , but Wednesday 's action was a day time than scheduled , and came in concert with similar cuts from six central banks around the world , aimed at stimulating the global economy .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A year later , the average tumor had grown back to 86 percent of its original size , they reported in the New England Journal of Medicine .	A year time , the average tumor had grown back to 86 percent of its original size , they reported in the New England Journal of Medicine .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But between 1980 and 2000 , in the area from Second Avenue to the East River and 70th to 96th Street , the population grew 12.9 percent , compared with 7.6 percent for all of Manhattan , according to an analysis of census data by demographers at Queens College .	But between 1979 and 2000 , in the area from Second Avenue to the East River and 70th to 96th Street , the population grew 12.9 percent , compared with 7.6 percent for all of Manhattan , according to an analysis of census data by demographers at Queens College .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	But between 1980 and 2000 , in the area from Second Avenue to the East River and 70th to 96th Street , the population grew 12.9 percent , compared with 7.6 percent for all of Manhattan , according to an analysis of census data by demographers at Queens College .	But between 1981 and 2000 , in the area from Second Avenue to the East River and 70th to 96th Street , the population grew 12.9 percent , compared with 7.6 percent for all of Manhattan , according to an analysis of census data by demographers at Queens College .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hours later , another band of pirates hijacked a cargo ship , a NATO spokesman said . ''	Hours time , another band of pirates hijacked a cargo ship , a NATO spokesman said . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few months later , VeriSign 's chief financial officer stepped down when the company absorbed $ 160 million in additional expenses for the mishandled stock options .	A few months time , VeriSign 's chief financial officer stepped down when the company absorbed $ 160 million in additional expenses for the mishandled stock options .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	First , it is the decision of a Prime Minister and Chancellor who do not expect to be in power after next year , and have decided to transfuse some full-blooded socialism into the body politic while they still have the chance .	First , it is the decision of a Prime Minister and Chancellor who do not expect to be in power at next year , and have decided to transfuse some full-blooded socialism into the body politic while they still have the chance .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The meeting was called at the 11th hour because the two leaders wanted to hold talks before Abbas heads to Washington later this week , an Israeli official told AFP .	The meeting was called after the 11th hour because the two leaders wanted to hold talks before Abbas heads to Washington later this week , an Israeli official told AFP .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The historical record is at once clear and as murky as human behavior .	The historical record is after once clear and as murky as human behavior .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A month later , Facebook tweaked Beacon 's settings so that they had to opt into it rather than being automatically enrolled -- a move it probably should have made in the first place .	A month time , Facebook tweaked Beacon 's settings so that they had to opt into it rather than being automatically enrolled -- a move it probably should have made in the first place .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	From January , there will be no Kennedy in Congress or the White House for the first time since 1947 .	From January , there will be no Kennedy in Congress or the White House for the first time since 1949 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Rangers lost three in a row after that victory in Ottawa and won only two more games before Sunday .	The Rangers lost three in a row after that victory in Ottawa and won only two more games at Sunday .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Knuth , who has been pushing a proposal to offer a 40 ¢ -LRB- 19p -RRB- bounty on the creatures since 2007 , said each adult female cane toad can produce 20,000 eggs every time it spawns .	Knuth , who has been pushing a proposal to offer a 40 ¢ -LRB- 19p -RRB- bounty on the creatures since 2009 , said each adult female cane toad can produce 20,000 eggs every time it spawns .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	BMO Capital Markets is a member of BMO Financial Group -LRB- NYSE , TSX : BMO -RRB- , one of the largest diversified financial services providers in North America with US $ 362 billion total assets and 37,000 employees as at April 30 , 2009 .	BMO Capital Markets is a member of BMO Financial Group -LRB- NYSE , TSX : BMO -RRB- , one of the largest diversified financial services providers in North America with US $ 362 billion total assets and 37,000 employees as before may 30 , 2009 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	BMO Capital Markets is a member of BMO Financial Group -LRB- NYSE , TSX : BMO -RRB- , one of the largest diversified financial services providers in North America with US $ 362 billion total assets and 37,000 employees as at April 30 , 2009 .	BMO Capital Markets is a member of BMO Financial Group -LRB- NYSE , TSX : BMO -RRB- , one of the largest diversified financial services providers in North America with US $ 362 billion total assets and 37,000 employees as after April 30 , 2009 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	King has adorned the statuary collection , a sort of national hall of fame , since 1931 .	King has adorned the statuary collection , a sort of national hall of fame , since 1933 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The enormous wild cattle that once roamed the European plains have been extinct since 1627 , when the last survivor died in a Polish nature reserve .	The enormous wild cattle that once roamed the European plains have been extinct since 1629 , when the last survivor died in a Polish nature reserve .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Looking ahead at the second day of the N.C.A.A. tournament .	Looking ahead after the second day of the N.C.A.A. tournament .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In contrast , the Navy has seen a steady decline in deserters since 2001 , going from 3,665 that year to 1,129 in 2007 .	In contrast , the Navy has seen a steady decline in deserters since 2003 , going from 3,665 that year to 1,129 in 2007 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	so City and Cardiff - who were supposed to kick off at 1230 GMT - will have to try again another time .	so City and Cardiff - who were supposed to kick off before 1231 GMT - will have to try again another time .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	so City and Cardiff - who were supposed to kick off at 1230 GMT - will have to try again another time .	so City and Cardiff - who were supposed to kick off after 1230 GMT - will have to try again another time .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mattel has had to deal with a raft of other problems such as increased product testing after last year 's toy recall and a court battle with MGA Entertainment over rights to its Bratz dolls .	Mattel has had to deal with a raft of other problems such as increased product testing at last year 's toy recall and a court battle with MGA Entertainment over rights to its Bratz dolls .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	And the Cubs head home without having come close to their first World Series triumph since 1908 .	And the Cubs head home without having come close to their first World Series triumph since 1910 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Judge J. Donald Jones , former a dean at Emory University , will point to his choice as best in show right before 11 p.m. '' There are those who deny that the Holocaust happened , '' Benjamin Netanyahu said as he accepted the documents as a gift for Israel 's Holocaust memorial , where they will go on display next year . ''	Judge J. Donald Jones , former a dean at Emory University , will point to his choice as best in show right before 10 p.m. '' There are those who deny that the Holocaust happened , '' Benjamin Netanyahu said as he accepted the documents as a gift for Israel 's Holocaust memorial , where they will go on display next year . ''	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Judge J. Donald Jones , former a dean at Emory University , will point to his choice as best in show right before 11 p.m. '' There are those who deny that the Holocaust happened , '' Benjamin Netanyahu said as he accepted the documents as a gift for Israel 's Holocaust memorial , where they will go on display next year . ''	Judge J. Donald Jones , former a dean at Emory University , will point to his choice as best in show right before 12 p.m. '' There are those who deny that the Holocaust happened , '' Benjamin Netanyahu said as he accepted the documents as a gift for Israel 's Holocaust memorial , where they will go on display next year . ''	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Judge J. Donald Jones , former a dean at Emory University , will point to his choice as best in show right before 11 p.m. '' There are those who deny that the Holocaust happened , '' Benjamin Netanyahu said as he accepted the documents as a gift for Israel 's Holocaust memorial , where they will go on display next year . ''	Judge J. Donald Jones , former a dean at Emory University , will point to his choice as best in show right at 11 p.m. '' There are those who deny that the Holocaust happened , '' Benjamin Netanyahu said as he accepted the documents as a gift for Israel 's Holocaust memorial , where they will go on display next year . ''	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The findings were published after a six-month inspection between August 2008 and January this year .	The findings were published after a six-month inspection between july 2008 and January this year .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The findings were published after a six-month inspection between August 2008 and January this year .	The findings were published after a six-month inspection between september 2008 and January this year .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This week , nearly six months later , he said , the dealer 's service department called to tell him the vehicle had no problems and checked out fine .	This week , nearly six months time , he said , the dealer 's service department called to tell him the vehicle had no problems and checked out fine .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	RAB remains a speculative situation , with fund performance and redemptions at present still deteriorating .	RAB remains a speculative situation , with fund performance and redemptions after present still deteriorating .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Arsenal have a match in hand on both Chelsea and United , who clash on Sunday , while the Blues travel to the Emirates Stadium at the end of the month .	Arsenal have a match in hand on both Chelsea and United , who clash on Sunday , while the Blues travel to the Emirates Stadium after the end of the month .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Professor Glover pointed to experimental programmes in the US - now under consideration in the UK - which supported women intensively during pregnancy to cut the rate of child developmental problems and even youth offending years later .	Professor Glover pointed to experimental programmes in the US - now under consideration in the UK - which supported women intensively during pregnancy to cut the rate of child developmental problems and even youth offending years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The mothers have staged a sit-in at Laleh Park in central Tehran every Saturday since June , and this is the second time that some have been arrested .	The mothers have staged a sit-in at Laleh Park in central Tehran every Saturday since august , and this is the second time that some have been arrested .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Along the way , the Senate plan would have Obama 's '' Making Work Pay '' tax credit , which will provide $ 400 tax cuts to most workers and $ 800 to couples , expire at the end of next year .	Along the way , the Senate plan would have Obama 's '' Making Work Pay '' tax credit , which will provide $ 400 tax cuts to most workers and $ 800 to couples , expire after the end of next year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The World Bank says that rural wages -LRB- outside farms -RRB- fell by a fifth between 2007 and 2009 as migrant workers fled back to their villages in search of jobs .	The World Bank says that rural wages -LRB- outside farms -RRB- fell by a fifth between 2006 and 2009 as migrant workers fled back to their villages in search of jobs .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The World Bank says that rural wages -LRB- outside farms -RRB- fell by a fifth between 2007 and 2009 as migrant workers fled back to their villages in search of jobs .	The World Bank says that rural wages -LRB- outside farms -RRB- fell by a fifth between 2008 and 2009 as migrant workers fled back to their villages in search of jobs .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	He said the burglary happened between 1430 BST and 1830 BST .	He said the burglary happened between 1429 BST and 1830 BST .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	He said the burglary happened between 1430 BST and 1830 BST .	He said the burglary happened between 1431 BST and 1830 BST .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	While the report found 8,368 reported cases of people living with AIDS in the district at the end of last year , a 43 percent increase from 2001 , it also found that the number of new H.I.V. cases began declining in 2003 .	While the report found 8,368 reported cases of people living with AIDS in the district after the end of last year , a 43 percent increase from 2001 , it also found that the number of new H.I.V. cases began declining in 2003 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	These include with-profits endowments and with-profits annuities as well as individual pension policies taken out before May 1987 .	These include with-profits endowments and with-profits annuities as well as individual pension policies taken out before april 1987 .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	These include with-profits endowments and with-profits annuities as well as individual pension policies taken out before May 1987 .	These include with-profits endowments and with-profits annuities as well as individual pension policies taken out before june 1987 .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	These include with-profits endowments and with-profits annuities as well as individual pension policies taken out before May 1987 .	These include with-profits endowments and with-profits annuities as well as individual pension policies taken out at May 1987 .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	President Bush 's power was inherent because congress gave it to him years earlier !	President Bush 's power was inherent because congress gave it to him years time !	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	China seems more determined to resist pressure this time , though , and can rightly point out that its fiscal stimulus has halved its current-account surplus since 2007 .	China seems more determined to resist pressure this time , though , and can rightly point out that its fiscal stimulus has halved its current-account surplus since 2009 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The stadium has played host to both Milan and Inter since 1947 , previously Milan had been sole tenants , with the 11 towers that adorn the outside giving it a unique appearance .	The stadium has played host to both Milan and Inter since 1949 , previously Milan had been sole tenants , with the 11 towers that adorn the outside giving it a unique appearance .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	This pushed the unemployment rate , as measured by the labour force survey , to 7.2 % -- the highest since July 1997 .	This pushed the unemployment rate , as measured by the labour force survey , to 7.2 % -- the highest since september 1997 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Ten more have been placed in deportation proceedings , and immigration officials are searching for more than 30 more still believed to be in the U.S. Authorities believe Higgins may have helped hundreds of students between 2002 and 2009 and have evidence linking him to 119 names , said Debra Parker , acting deputy special agent in charge for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement in Los Angeles .	Ten more have been placed in deportation proceedings , and immigration officials are searching for more than 30 more still believed to be in the U.S. Authorities believe Higgins may have helped hundreds of students between 2001 and 2009 and have evidence linking him to 119 names , said Debra Parker , acting deputy special agent in charge for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement in Los Angeles .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Ten more have been placed in deportation proceedings , and immigration officials are searching for more than 30 more still believed to be in the U.S. Authorities believe Higgins may have helped hundreds of students between 2002 and 2009 and have evidence linking him to 119 names , said Debra Parker , acting deputy special agent in charge for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement in Los Angeles .	Ten more have been placed in deportation proceedings , and immigration officials are searching for more than 30 more still believed to be in the U.S. Authorities believe Higgins may have helped hundreds of students between 2003 and 2009 and have evidence linking him to 119 names , said Debra Parker , acting deputy special agent in charge for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement in Los Angeles .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A day earlier , coach Lovie Smith said he was '' disappointed '' by the news .	A day time , coach Lovie Smith said he was '' disappointed '' by the news .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hours later , President Joao Bernardo Vieira was killed by soldiers whom the army said acted on their own .	Hours time , President Joao Bernardo Vieira was killed by soldiers whom the army said acted on their own .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Supermarket giant Tesco said it was cutting the cost of petrol by 3p a litre after rival Asda knocked off a penny at the start of the week .	Supermarket giant Tesco said it was cutting the cost of petrol by 3p a litre after rival Asda knocked off a penny after the start of the week .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Ofgem has been conducting a detailed investigation into the electricity and gas markets for households and small businesses since February .	Ofgem has been conducting a detailed investigation into the electricity and gas markets for households and small businesses since april .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	That was a new one for Chief Judge Rufus G. King III , who has overseen the court since 2000 .	That was a new one for Chief Judge Rufus G. King III , who has overseen the court since 2002 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	When Salvador Allende 's widow died last week , she seemed like a symbol from another age -- and then , a few days later , the coup came back . ''	When Salvador Allende 's widow died last week , she seemed like a symbol from another age -- and then , a few days time , the coup came back . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	These shipments were provisionally priced when they were shipped , but the copper price dropped dramatically in October 2008 to a copper price at the end of December 2008 of US $ 1.39 per pound .	These shipments were provisionally priced when they were shipped , but the copper price dropped dramatically in October 2008 to a copper price before the end of january 2008 of US $ 1.39 per pound .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	These shipments were provisionally priced when they were shipped , but the copper price dropped dramatically in October 2008 to a copper price at the end of December 2008 of US $ 1.39 per pound .	These shipments were provisionally priced when they were shipped , but the copper price dropped dramatically in October 2008 to a copper price after the end of December 2008 of US $ 1.39 per pound .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	_ The limited night vision equipment given to the army was taken away every three months for inventory and returned three weeks later .	_ The limited night vision equipment given to the army was taken away every three months for inventory and returned three weeks time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mortgages worth £ 31.21 billion were advanced during September and , once redemptions and repayments are stripped out , net lending rose by £ 9.8 billion , the highest figure since February .	Mortgages worth £ 31.21 billion were advanced during September and , once redemptions and repayments are stripped out , net lending rose by £ 9.8 billion , the highest figure since april .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	19 and the South Carolina primary a week later -- and instead try to regroup in time for a 22-state round of Democratic contests on Feb .	19 and the South Carolina primary a week time -- and instead try to regroup in time for a 22-state round of Democratic contests on Feb .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The battle began shortly after midnight when a Navy special boat squadron and a rapid attack squadron spotted a cluster of LTTE boats , the navy said .	The battle began shortly at midnight when a Navy special boat squadron and a rapid attack squadron spotted a cluster of LTTE boats , the navy said .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr Darling also emphasised the ringfencing of the budgets of health , schools and the police , while conceding that the rest of government spending will face cuts in cash budgets for at least three years from 2011 and real terms cuts over the period in excess of 10 per cent .	Mr Darling also emphasised the ringfencing of the budgets of health , schools and the police , while conceding that the rest of government spending will face cuts in cash budgets for before least three years from 2012 and real terms cuts over the period in excess of 10 per cent .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr Darling also emphasised the ringfencing of the budgets of health , schools and the police , while conceding that the rest of government spending will face cuts in cash budgets for at least three years from 2011 and real terms cuts over the period in excess of 10 per cent .	Mr Darling also emphasised the ringfencing of the budgets of health , schools and the police , while conceding that the rest of government spending will face cuts in cash budgets for after least three years from 2011 and real terms cuts over the period in excess of 10 per cent .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The broader indices also rose , with the Standard & Poor 's 500 index up 39.45 , or 4.08 percent , to 1,005.75 , its first close over the 1,000 mark since October 13 . ''	The broader indices also rose , with the Standard & Poor 's 500 index up 39.45 , or 4.08 percent , to 1,005.75 , its first close over the 1,000 mark since december 13 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But 60 years later , we know that we can not relent , we can not yield , and , as president , I will never compromise when it comes to Israel 's security ... ... not when there are still voices that deny the Holocaust , not when there are terrorist groups and political leaders committed to Israel 's destruction , not when there are maps across the Middle East that don ' t even acknowledge Israel 's existence , and government-funded textbooks filled with hatred towards Jews , not when there are rockets raining down on Sderot , and Israeli children have to take a deep breath and summon uncommon courage every time they board a bus or walk to school .	But 60 years time , we know that we can not relent , we can not yield , and , as president , I will never compromise when it comes to Israel 's security ... ... not when there are still voices that deny the Holocaust , not when there are terrorist groups and political leaders committed to Israel 's destruction , not when there are maps across the Middle East that don ' t even acknowledge Israel 's existence , and government-funded textbooks filled with hatred towards Jews , not when there are rockets raining down on Sderot , and Israeli children have to take a deep breath and summon uncommon courage every time they board a bus or walk to school .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	One year later , and now in the general election , McCain 's troubles are so acute that he recently gave senior adviser Steve Schmidt '' full operational control '' of the day-to-day campaign and , effectively , scaled back the duties of campaign manager Rick Davis .	One year time , and now in the general election , McCain 's troubles are so acute that he recently gave senior adviser Steve Schmidt '' full operational control '' of the day-to-day campaign and , effectively , scaled back the duties of campaign manager Rick Davis .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Dai has been a co-author of two Science articles since last October . ''	Dai has been a co-author of two Science articles since last december . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hours later , a drive-by shooting in western Baghdad killed the deputy head of Baghdad University , Ayad Hamza , as he stood outside his house with his two sons , who were wounded in the attack , an Interior Ministry official said . ''	Hours time , a drive-by shooting in western Baghdad killed the deputy head of Baghdad University , Ayad Hamza , as he stood outside his house with his two sons , who were wounded in the attack , an Interior Ministry official said . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Rodriguez thanked the fans for being patient with him after helping the Yankees win their first title since 2000 .	Rodriguez thanked the fans for being patient with him after helping the Yankees win their first title since 2002 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Commodores haven ' t been to a bowl game since 1982 -LRB- Hall of Fame Bowl , losing to Air Force 36-28 -RRB- .	The Commodores haven ' t been to a bowl game since 1984 -LRB- Hall of Fame Bowl , losing to Air Force 36-28 -RRB- .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Tutankhamun , who died on the verge of adulthood , ruled Egypt between about 1361 and 1352 BC and is the only pharaoh whose tomb was not stripped by looters in ancient times .	Tutankhamun , who died on the verge of adulthood , ruled Egypt between about 1360 and 1352 BC and is the only pharaoh whose tomb was not stripped by looters in ancient times .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Tutankhamun , who died on the verge of adulthood , ruled Egypt between about 1361 and 1352 BC and is the only pharaoh whose tomb was not stripped by looters in ancient times .	Tutankhamun , who died on the verge of adulthood , ruled Egypt between about 1362 and 1352 BC and is the only pharaoh whose tomb was not stripped by looters in ancient times .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Houthis made the same offer two years later .	The Houthis made the same offer two years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Despite cooler conditions than at the weekend , officials in Victoria have warned residents to watch out for embers blowing in from the blazes .	Despite cooler conditions than after the weekend , officials in Victoria have warned residents to watch out for embers blowing in from the blazes .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few months later , he wore a gray T shirt that showed off an intricate tattoo of a compass , square , and an hourglass on his right bicep .	A few months time , he wore a gray T shirt that showed off an intricate tattoo of a compass , square , and an hourglass on his right bicep .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They changed their minds only hours later , and Lee Anthony delivered the news to Padilla and his crew .	They changed their minds only hours time , and Lee Anthony delivered the news to Padilla and his crew .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	From December 1 , these pubs and clubs will be forced to lock out patrons after 2 a.m. , serve drinks in plastic glasses after midnight , restrict drinks bought after midnight , and close alcohol service 30 minutes before closing .	From December 1 , these pubs and clubs will be forced to lock out patrons after 3 a.m. , serve drinks in plastic glasses after midnight , restrict drinks bought after midnight , and close alcohol service 30 minutes before closing .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	From December 1 , these pubs and clubs will be forced to lock out patrons after 2 a.m. , serve drinks in plastic glasses after midnight , restrict drinks bought after midnight , and close alcohol service 30 minutes before closing .	From December 1 , these pubs and clubs will be forced to lock out patrons after 1 a.m. , serve drinks in plastic glasses after midnight , restrict drinks bought after midnight , and close alcohol service 30 minutes before closing .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	From December 1 , these pubs and clubs will be forced to lock out patrons after 2 a.m. , serve drinks in plastic glasses after midnight , restrict drinks bought after midnight , and close alcohol service 30 minutes before closing .	From December 1 , these pubs and clubs will be forced to lock out patrons at 2 a.m. , serve drinks in plastic glasses after midnight , restrict drinks bought after midnight , and close alcohol service 30 minutes before closing .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Ms. Reyes has worked at The Fine Point Group since 2007 .	Ms. Reyes has worked at The Fine Point Group since 2009 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	D-BOX Motion Code -LRB- TM -RRB- technology is now available at ten movie theatres for a total of 235 D-BOX equipped seating in North America , all of which have been deployed since the beginning of April 2009 .	D-BOX Motion Code -LRB- TM -RRB- technology is now available at ten movie theatres for a total of 235 D-BOX equipped seating in North America , all of which have been deployed since the beginning of june 2009 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	WASHINGTON , June 3 / PRNewswire-USNewswire / -- Progressives gathered at this week 's '' America 's Future Now '' conference found a lot to like in President Obama 's first 100 days , but they are very focused on health care reform as their highest priority , according to a straw poll of participants conducted by Greenberg Quinlan Rosner Research for the Campaign for America 's Future and Democracy Corps .	WASHINGTON , June 3 / PRNewswire-USNewswire / -- Progressives gathered after this week 's '' America 's Future Now '' conference found a lot to like in President Obama 's first 100 days , but they are very focused on health care reform as their highest priority , according to a straw poll of participants conducted by Greenberg Quinlan Rosner Research for the Campaign for America 's Future and Democracy Corps .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	What will Labour do after 2011 / 12 ?	What will Labour do after 2012 / 12 ?	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	What will Labour do after 2011 / 12 ?	What will Labour do after 2010 / 12 ?	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	What will Labour do after 2011 / 12 ?	What will Labour do at 2011 / 12 ?	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Nationally , 10 people were killed between 2003 and 2007 , and more than 80 were seriously injured .	Nationally , 10 people were killed between 2002 and 2007 , and more than 80 were seriously injured .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Nationally , 10 people were killed between 2003 and 2007 , and more than 80 were seriously injured .	Nationally , 10 people were killed between 2004 and 2007 , and more than 80 were seriously injured .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He owns seven properties , including the '' House of Horrors '' in Amstetten , which at current values they could fetch about € 2.4 million -LRB- £ 1.7 million -RRB- . ''	He owns seven properties , including the '' House of Horrors '' in Amstetten , which after current values they could fetch about € 2.4 million -LRB- £ 1.7 million -RRB- . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two weeks later , she said , she received a letter from the lender , informing her that the monthly payment had risen to $ 1,235 and the rate to 10.3 percent .	Two weeks time , she said , she received a letter from the lender , informing her that the monthly payment had risen to $ 1,235 and the rate to 10.3 percent .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	We used to have a big barbecue with more than 200 people the weekend after Labor Day , '' she said .	We used to have a big barbecue with more than 200 people the weekend at Labor Day , '' she said .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Some were successful : William III 's victory at the battle of the Boyne is still remembered by Ulster Protestants three centuries later .	Some were successful : William III 's victory at the battle of the Boyne is still remembered by Ulster Protestants three centuries time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Some two million Britons travelled to Africa and the Caribbean between April 2005 and March 2006 .	Some two million Britons travelled to Africa and the Caribbean between march 2005 and March 2006 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Some two million Britons travelled to Africa and the Caribbean between April 2005 and March 2006 .	Some two million Britons travelled to Africa and the Caribbean between may 2005 and March 2006 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	It also was the third deadly assault since March in Lahore , a major intellectual and cultural center in Pakistan , following deadly assaults on the visiting Sri Lankan cricket team and a police academy .	It also was the third deadly assault since may in Lahore , a major intellectual and cultural center in Pakistan , following deadly assaults on the visiting Sri Lankan cricket team and a police academy .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Green '' protectionism is likely to cause unease at next week 's G-8 meeting in Italy and at a separate 17-member Major Economies Forum gathering .	Green '' protectionism is likely to cause unease after next week 's G-8 meeting in Italy and at a separate 17-member Major Economies Forum gathering .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Crews were called to fire shortly after 0700 BST and the surrounding area was cordoned off .	Crews were called to fire shortly after 701 BST and the surrounding area was cordoned off .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Crews were called to fire shortly after 0700 BST and the surrounding area was cordoned off .	Crews were called to fire shortly after 699 BST and the surrounding area was cordoned off .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Crews were called to fire shortly after 0700 BST and the surrounding area was cordoned off .	Crews were called to fire shortly at 0700 BST and the surrounding area was cordoned off .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Now nearly two decades later , he says the racial mix there has remained virtually the same .	Now nearly two decades time , he says the racial mix there has remained virtually the same .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Chelsea face a trip to high-flying Birmingham on Boxing Day before entertaining another in-form side in Fulham only two days later .	Chelsea face a trip to high-flying Birmingham on Boxing Day before entertaining another in-form side in Fulham only two days time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	And insurgents , since late 2006 , have been trying to topple the weak government .	And insurgents , since late 2008 , have been trying to topple the weak government .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	But since 2003 , there have been three confirmed releases within laboratories that together sickened five workers , Dr. Besser said .	But since 2005 , there have been three confirmed releases within laboratories that together sickened five workers , Dr. Besser said .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The yield on the 10-year note fell 6 basis points over the week to 3.41 per cent , having briefly pushed above 3.5 per cent at the start of the week to a two-month high .	The yield on the 10-year note fell 6 basis points over the week to 3.41 per cent , having briefly pushed above 3.5 per cent after the start of the week to a two-month high .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	If , as the S.E.C. wants , American and international standards have largely converged before the end of 2011 , those costs could be lower than they would be now .	If , as the S.E.C. wants , American and international standards have largely converged before the end of 2010 , those costs could be lower than they would be now .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	If , as the S.E.C. wants , American and international standards have largely converged before the end of 2011 , those costs could be lower than they would be now .	If , as the S.E.C. wants , American and international standards have largely converged before the end of 2012 , those costs could be lower than they would be now .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	If , as the S.E.C. wants , American and international standards have largely converged before the end of 2011 , those costs could be lower than they would be now .	If , as the S.E.C. wants , American and international standards have largely converged at the end of 2011 , those costs could be lower than they would be now .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	What reformist tendencies it had under the maverick Junichiro Koizumi , prime minister between 2001 and 2006 , have now gone into reverse .	What reformist tendencies it had under the maverick Junichiro Koizumi , prime minister between 2000 and 2006 , have now gone into reverse .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	What reformist tendencies it had under the maverick Junichiro Koizumi , prime minister between 2001 and 2006 , have now gone into reverse .	What reformist tendencies it had under the maverick Junichiro Koizumi , prime minister between 2002 and 2006 , have now gone into reverse .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	But Klaus Schroeder , a political science professor at the Free University of Berlin , said his research has shown that even east German teenagers born since 1989 hold a sanitized view of life under communism , thanks to their parents and teachers , who gloss over the bad parts .	But Klaus Schroeder , a political science professor at the Free University of Berlin , said his research has shown that even east German teenagers born since 1991 hold a sanitized view of life under communism , thanks to their parents and teachers , who gloss over the bad parts .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Egypt 's third seed Amr Shabana will face Frenchman Gregory Gaultier in the men 's squash final after Shabana beat fellow countryman Karim Darwish , the top seed who succeeded him as world number one at the beginning of the year , 12-10 , 11-8 , 11-4 in 35 minutes .	Egypt 's third seed Amr Shabana will face Frenchman Gregory Gaultier in the men 's squash final after Shabana beat fellow countryman Karim Darwish , the top seed who succeeded him as world number one after the beginning of the year , 12-10 , 11-8 , 11-4 in 35 minutes .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Dr Coghlan said the situation had been getting worse in hospital wards in the first few months of 2009 because of unprecedented emergency admissions , more planned surgery to meet 2009 targets and efficiency savings before the end of the financial year .	Dr Coghlan said the situation had been getting worse in hospital wards in the first few months of 2009 because of unprecedented emergency admissions , more planned surgery to meet 2009 targets and efficiency savings at the end of the financial year .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	2 rose 51 percent to $ 229 million , or 32 cents a share , from $ 152 million , or 19 cents a share , in the period a year earlier .	2 rose 51 percent to $ 229 million , or 32 cents a share , from $ 152 million , or 19 cents a share , in the period a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And just hours later , Damion James of Texas slammed home a memorable dunk to hand the Bruins their first loss of the season , 63-61 at Pauley Pavilion .	And just hours time , Damion James of Texas slammed home a memorable dunk to hand the Bruins their first loss of the season , 63-61 at Pauley Pavilion .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This can be called realism , but that sturdy old word is not quite sufficient to describe '' Police , Adjective , '' which is at once utterly plain , even affectless , and marvelously rich .	This can be called realism , but that sturdy old word is not quite sufficient to describe '' Police , Adjective , '' which is after once utterly plain , even affectless , and marvelously rich .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	I have been very ill since February and need to have oxygen all the time , '' she said .	I have been very ill since april and need to have oxygen all the time , '' she said .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	4 , the women of '' The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills '' gathered in a room at the Millennium Biltmore Hotel for the show 's reunion .	4 , the women of '' The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills '' gathered in a room after the Millennium Biltmore Hotel for the show 's reunion .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Obama was not expected until hours later .	Obama was not expected until hours time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That 's what we 've been doing in January last year , July last year and again last week - tightening up the system so we can say MPs are working hard , they are only claiming what is necessary to live in two places at once and the public can have confidence in the system and their parliamentarians .	That 's what we 've been doing in January last year , July last year and again last week - tightening up the system so we can say MPs are working hard , they are only claiming what is necessary to live in two places after once and the public can have confidence in the system and their parliamentarians .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Egar 's no-balling of Meckiff three years later proved more contentious .	Egar 's no-balling of Meckiff three years time proved more contentious .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Twenty years later , the Chicago equity futures and options market is vast : some $ 45 trillion of contracts traded on the S & P 500 index alone last year compared with the total American stockmarket value of just $ 10 trillion .	Twenty years time , the Chicago equity futures and options market is vast : some $ 45 trillion of contracts traded on the S & P 500 index alone last year compared with the total American stockmarket value of just $ 10 trillion .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice urged Pyongyang to provide a list that was due at the end of last year . ''	Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice urged Pyongyang to provide a list that was due after the end of last year . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He addressed the gathering in a strong , steady voice , predicting that '' this November , the torch will be passed to a new generation of Americans , '' a reference to Illinois Sen. Barack Obama , who was elected president three months later .	He addressed the gathering in a strong , steady voice , predicting that '' this November , the torch will be passed to a new generation of Americans , '' a reference to Illinois Sen. Barack Obama , who was elected president three months time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Department of Health insisted it was already targeting parents through the Change4Life campaign , which was launched at the start of the year and brings together a host of local healthy lifestyle initiatives .	The Department of Health insisted it was already targeting parents through the Change4Life campaign , which was launched after the start of the year and brings together a host of local healthy lifestyle initiatives .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Alan Gordon and Peter Vagenas each added a goal , and David Beckham had an assist for Los Angeles -LRB- 7-10-8 -RRB- , which broke its team-record winless streak of 12 games with its first victory since June 14 .	Alan Gordon and Peter Vagenas each added a goal , and David Beckham had an assist for Los Angeles -LRB- 7-10-8 -RRB- , which broke its team-record winless streak of 12 games with its first victory since august 14 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Parnthep Puapongpan , a spokesman for the People 's Alliance for Democracy -- which is leading the protests -- said it planned to end an occupation at the Thai prime minister 's main offices , where demonstrators have camped out since August 26 , and divert demonstrators to the two airports .	Parnthep Puapongpan , a spokesman for the People 's Alliance for Democracy -- which is leading the protests -- said it planned to end an occupation at the Thai prime minister 's main offices , where demonstrators have camped out since october 26 , and divert demonstrators to the two airports .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Except that Ellison has thrown down a series of legal challenges since 2007 .	Except that Ellison has thrown down a series of legal challenges since 2009 .	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He was brought to justice for Sally Anne 's murder by chance when he was arrested nine months later after getting into a minor scuffle over a World Cup football match at Ye Olde Six Bells pub in Horley , Surrey , where he was working .	He was brought to justice for Sally Anne 's murder by chance when he was arrested nine months time after getting into a minor scuffle over a World Cup football match at Ye Olde Six Bells pub in Horley , Surrey , where he was working .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And it 's equally difficult to ignore the sarcastic , yet caustic comment from Stuart Appleby at the start of the decade when a dozen Americans decided against going to Spain to close out the PGA Tour season .	And it 's equally difficult to ignore the sarcastic , yet caustic comment from Stuart Appleby after the start of the decade when a dozen Americans decided against going to Spain to close out the PGA Tour season .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Now , nearly four months later the decorations are still up and the city must decide how to take care of them .	Now , nearly four months time the decorations are still up and the city must decide how to take care of them .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Dow hasn ' t traded below the 7,000 mark since October 1997 . ''	The Dow hasn ' t traded below the 7,000 mark since december 1997 . ''	#promptID#	since_date	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But a year later , Suu Kyi was put back under house arrest . ''	But a year time , Suu Kyi was put back under house arrest . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	People close to the matter underscore that none of this is a done deal : Other deals , such as the Lehman Brother Good bank / Bad bank proposal blew up at the last minute .	People close to the matter underscore that none of this is a done deal : Other deals , such as the Lehman Brother Good bank / Bad bank proposal blew up after the last minute .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Obama administration greeted the April 16 comments as an important gesture , but Raul Castro 's older brother , former leader Fidel Castro , wrote a few days later that the words had been '' misinterpreted '' and indicated Cuba had no intention of making concessions to Washington .	The Obama administration greeted the April 16 comments as an important gesture , but Raul Castro 's older brother , former leader Fidel Castro , wrote a few days time that the words had been '' misinterpreted '' and indicated Cuba had no intention of making concessions to Washington .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It does not matter if you have time to get a turkey over to your local food pantry , shelter or soup kitchen before Thanksgiving .	It does not matter if you have time to get a turkey over to your local food pantry , shelter or soup kitchen at Thanksgiving .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Overall , GM dealers had 466,000 vehicles on their lots at the end of July .	Overall , GM dealers had 466,000 vehicles on their lots before the end of august .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Overall , GM dealers had 466,000 vehicles on their lots at the end of July .	Overall , GM dealers had 466,000 vehicles on their lots after the end of July .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Authorities had tightened security in the Xinjiang region with increased security checkpoints on roadways and around government buildings , schools and hospitals after Monday 's attack in the border city of Kashgar , also known as Kashi .	Authorities had tightened security in the Xinjiang region with increased security checkpoints on roadways and around government buildings , schools and hospitals at Monday 's attack in the border city of Kashgar , also known as Kashi .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In Bridgend , local sports stars and potential future Olympians will be on hand to help raise the flag at 1600 BST .	In Bridgend , local sports stars and potential future Olympians will be on hand to help raise the flag before 1601 BST .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In Bridgend , local sports stars and potential future Olympians will be on hand to help raise the flag at 1600 BST .	In Bridgend , local sports stars and potential future Olympians will be on hand to help raise the flag after 1600 BST .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A year later , the Danish daily newspaper Jyllands-Posten published cartoons that depicted the Prophet Muhammad in an unflattering light , setting off violent protests throughout the Muslim world .	A year time , the Danish daily newspaper Jyllands-Posten published cartoons that depicted the Prophet Muhammad in an unflattering light , setting off violent protests throughout the Muslim world .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But we have a number of tools that we can use , we have different sails , '' he said after Friday 's race .	But we have a number of tools that we can use , we have different sails , '' he said at Friday 's race .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The merry national atmosphere is quite different from the mood before Aug .	The merry national atmosphere is quite different from the mood at Aug .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Their landing craft touched down in Kazakhstan at 1043 GMT - 200 km -LRB- 120 miles -RRB- from its intended landing site , in temperatures of -6 C -LRB- 43F -RRB- .	Their landing craft touched down in Kazakhstan before 1044 GMT - 200 km -LRB- 120 miles -RRB- from its intended landing site , in temperatures of -6 C -LRB- 43F -RRB- .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Their landing craft touched down in Kazakhstan at 1043 GMT - 200 km -LRB- 120 miles -RRB- from its intended landing site , in temperatures of -6 C -LRB- 43F -RRB- .	Their landing craft touched down in Kazakhstan after 1043 GMT - 200 km -LRB- 120 miles -RRB- from its intended landing site , in temperatures of -6 C -LRB- 43F -RRB- .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Forty years later , as a broader debate on school reform gains momentum , three authors have entered the classroom again -- two veteran journalists and a first-year teacher -- to provide us with fresh dispatches from inside the blackboard jungle .	Forty years time , as a broader debate on school reform gains momentum , three authors have entered the classroom again -- two veteran journalists and a first-year teacher -- to provide us with fresh dispatches from inside the blackboard jungle .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Phillies had lost five of seven coming in , prompting manager Charlie Manuel to hold a closed-door meeting in the clubhouse 3 1/2 hours before the first pitch .	The Phillies had lost five of seven coming in , prompting manager Charlie Manuel to hold a closed-door meeting in the clubhouse 3 1/2 hours at the first pitch .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Emergency teams were called to the scene on the A30 London Road , in Englefield Green , shortly before 1900 BST on Sunday .	Emergency teams were called to the scene on the A30 London Road , in Englefield Green , shortly before 1899 BST on Sunday .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Emergency teams were called to the scene on the A30 London Road , in Englefield Green , shortly before 1900 BST on Sunday .	Emergency teams were called to the scene on the A30 London Road , in Englefield Green , shortly before 1901 BST on Sunday .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Emergency teams were called to the scene on the A30 London Road , in Englefield Green , shortly before 1900 BST on Sunday .	Emergency teams were called to the scene on the A30 London Road , in Englefield Green , shortly at 1900 BST on Sunday .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Attorneys for both sides declined to comment after Tuesday 's findings , citing a gag order that continues until the damages phase of the trial is over .	Attorneys for both sides declined to comment at Tuesday 's findings , citing a gag order that continues until the damages phase of the trial is over .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The girl 's headless body was discovered in a wooded Kansas City park area in 2001 , and a volunteer searcher found her head several days later .	The girl 's headless body was discovered in a wooded Kansas City park area in 2001 , and a volunteer searcher found her head several days time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	they asked , and I knew at once what they were referring to .	they asked , and I knew after once what they were referring to .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The service , due to start at 1300 BST at St Mary 's Episcopal Church , will be for family and close friends only .	The service , due to start before 1301 BST at St Mary 's Episcopal Church , will be for family and close friends only .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The service , due to start at 1300 BST at St Mary 's Episcopal Church , will be for family and close friends only .	The service , due to start after 1300 BST at St Mary 's Episcopal Church , will be for family and close friends only .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	All these years later , Janice can ' t hear '' Thriller , '' or see or talk about the video , without remembering our father 's absurd outburst .	All these years time , Janice can ' t hear '' Thriller , '' or see or talk about the video , without remembering our father 's absurd outburst .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ban said he decided to send Fernandez-Taranco to Baghdad before Sunday 's bombings .	Ban said he decided to send Fernandez-Taranco to Baghdad at Sunday 's bombings .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The audience here in the hall has promised to remain very polite , no cheers , applause , no untoward outbursts , except right at this minute now , as we welcome Governor Palin and Senator Biden .	The audience here in the hall has promised to remain very polite , no cheers , applause , no untoward outbursts , except right after this minute now , as we welcome Governor Palin and Senator Biden .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Following its premiere at last September 's Toronto International Film Festival , domestic distributors showed about as much interest in '' The Stoning of Soraya M. '' as they did with '' The Passion of the Christ '' -- hardly any .	Following its premiere before last october 's Toronto International Film Festival , domestic distributors showed about as much interest in '' The Stoning of Soraya M. '' as they did with '' The Passion of the Christ '' -- hardly any .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Following its premiere at last September 's Toronto International Film Festival , domestic distributors showed about as much interest in '' The Stoning of Soraya M. '' as they did with '' The Passion of the Christ '' -- hardly any .	Following its premiere after last September 's Toronto International Film Festival , domestic distributors showed about as much interest in '' The Stoning of Soraya M. '' as they did with '' The Passion of the Christ '' -- hardly any .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two years later he was appointed chaplain of the Guards Chapel in London .	Two years time he was appointed chaplain of the Guards Chapel in London .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It noted improved data from the World Bank confirming that between 1990 and 2005 , the number of people living in extreme poverty dropped from 1.8 to 1.4 billion and that the 1990 global poverty rate was likely to be halved by 2015 .	It noted improved data from the World Bank confirming that between 1989 and 2005 , the number of people living in extreme poverty dropped from 1.8 to 1.4 billion and that the 1990 global poverty rate was likely to be halved by 2015 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	It noted improved data from the World Bank confirming that between 1990 and 2005 , the number of people living in extreme poverty dropped from 1.8 to 1.4 billion and that the 1990 global poverty rate was likely to be halved by 2015 .	It noted improved data from the World Bank confirming that between 1991 and 2005 , the number of people living in extreme poverty dropped from 1.8 to 1.4 billion and that the 1990 global poverty rate was likely to be halved by 2015 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	More than two decades later , service , comfort and quality have all greatly improved .	More than two decades time , service , comfort and quality have all greatly improved .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A telephone replay of the conference call will be available between Monday , September 14 , 2009 and Monday , September 21 , 2009 by calling 1-402-220-7738 or 1-888-562-2823 -LRB- toll free -RRB- and entering identification number 24957833 , followed by the number key .	A telephone replay of the conference call will be available between Monday , august 14 , 2009 and Monday , September 21 , 2009 by calling 1-402-220-7738 or 1-888-562-2823 -LRB- toll free -RRB- and entering identification number 24957833 , followed by the number key .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	A telephone replay of the conference call will be available between Monday , September 14 , 2009 and Monday , September 21 , 2009 by calling 1-402-220-7738 or 1-888-562-2823 -LRB- toll free -RRB- and entering identification number 24957833 , followed by the number key .	A telephone replay of the conference call will be available between Monday , october 14 , 2009 and Monday , September 21 , 2009 by calling 1-402-220-7738 or 1-888-562-2823 -LRB- toll free -RRB- and entering identification number 24957833 , followed by the number key .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nearing his tenth year as the Hallé 's music director , Mark Elder demonstrated his total rapport with his orchestra by conducting a concert performance of Wagner 's Götterdämmerung , sung in German and spread over two evenings at the weekend . ''	Nearing his tenth year as the Hallé 's music director , Mark Elder demonstrated his total rapport with his orchestra by conducting a concert performance of Wagner 's Götterdämmerung , sung in German and spread over two evenings after the weekend . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Tricia Young : I was making the ten-hour drive home from my parents after Thanksgiving when I heard about it on an Atlanta radio station .	Tricia Young : I was making the ten-hour drive home from my parents at Thanksgiving when I heard about it on an Atlanta radio station .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The preference shares also carry an annual dividend of about 14pc payable after June 2013 or earlier if the business is sold .	The preference shares also carry an annual dividend of about 14pc payable after july 2013 or earlier if the business is sold .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The preference shares also carry an annual dividend of about 14pc payable after June 2013 or earlier if the business is sold .	The preference shares also carry an annual dividend of about 14pc payable after may 2013 or earlier if the business is sold .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The preference shares also carry an annual dividend of about 14pc payable after June 2013 or earlier if the business is sold .	The preference shares also carry an annual dividend of about 14pc payable at June 2013 or earlier if the business is sold .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	White House economists predicted a 48 percent growth between 2000 and 2016 in health care support jobs .	White House economists predicted a 48 percent growth between 1999 and 2016 in health care support jobs .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	White House economists predicted a 48 percent growth between 2000 and 2016 in health care support jobs .	White House economists predicted a 48 percent growth between 2001 and 2016 in health care support jobs .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Many people moved back into their homes as fast as they had gotten out two days earlier .	Many people moved back into their homes as fast as they had gotten out two days time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In past years , that letter was sent at the end of the year , and co-ops would impose the assessment at the beginning of the next year .	In past years , that letter was sent after the end of the year , and co-ops would impose the assessment at the beginning of the next year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Mail says candidates will have to spend up to 500 hours on driving practice - compared with roughly 100 hours at present - before they are able to take the new test .	The Mail says candidates will have to spend up to 500 hours on driving practice - compared with roughly 100 hours after present - before they are able to take the new test .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Nearly a quarter of people aged 25 to 29 said they spent between 24 to 168 hours online per week . ''	Nearly a quarter of people aged 25 to 29 said they spent between 23 to 168 hours online per week . ''	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Nearly a quarter of people aged 25 to 29 said they spent between 24 to 168 hours online per week . ''	Nearly a quarter of people aged 25 to 29 said they spent between 25 to 168 hours online per week . ''	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A day later , Pierre had a new spokeswoman and a new campaign manager and , apparently , a new drive to lead the historic sailing city of 36,000 , home to both wealthy yacht owners and pockets of public housing .	A day time , Pierre had a new spokeswoman and a new campaign manager and , apparently , a new drive to lead the historic sailing city of 36,000 , home to both wealthy yacht owners and pockets of public housing .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	When she was first diagnosed with the condition before her first birthday , doctors said she wouldn ' t live for another year but she had such a will to live .	When she was first diagnosed with the condition at her first birthday , doctors said she wouldn ' t live for another year but she had such a will to live .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Several private equity firms -- including Cinven , Apax Partners , Terra Firma , Permira , TPG and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts -- that were mentioned as potential suitors for M & B appear to have ruled themselves out of the running before today 's deadline for indicative offers .	Several private equity firms -- including Cinven , Apax Partners , Terra Firma , Permira , TPG and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts -- that were mentioned as potential suitors for M & B appear to have ruled themselves out of the running at today 's deadline for indicative offers .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The crash happened on the A82 , in an area known as the Glen Goy bends , about two miles from the Spean Bridge War Memorial , at about 1230 BST on Sunday . ''	The crash happened on the A82 , in an area known as the Glen Goy bends , about two miles from the Spean Bridge War Memorial , before about 1231 BST on Sunday . ''	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The crash happened on the A82 , in an area known as the Glen Goy bends , about two miles from the Spean Bridge War Memorial , at about 1230 BST on Sunday . ''	The crash happened on the A82 , in an area known as the Glen Goy bends , about two miles from the Spean Bridge War Memorial , after about 1230 BST on Sunday . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Their biggest hits were recorded between 1964 and 1967 with the in-house songwriting and production team of Brian Holland , Lamont Dozier and Eddie Holland . ''	Their biggest hits were recorded between 1963 and 1967 with the in-house songwriting and production team of Brian Holland , Lamont Dozier and Eddie Holland . ''	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Their biggest hits were recorded between 1964 and 1967 with the in-house songwriting and production team of Brian Holland , Lamont Dozier and Eddie Holland . ''	Their biggest hits were recorded between 1965 and 1967 with the in-house songwriting and production team of Brian Holland , Lamont Dozier and Eddie Holland . ''	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	So maybe it 's just that markets , in their infinite wisdom , remained pretty confident even after last night 's fireworks that something 's gon na happen .	So maybe it 's just that markets , in their infinite wisdom , remained pretty confident even at last night 's fireworks that something 's gon na happen .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Its aim is to approve a new global warming treaty for the period after 2012 , when the Kyoto Protocol 's obligations to cut carbon emissions expire .	Its aim is to approve a new global warming treaty for the period after 2013 , when the Kyoto Protocol 's obligations to cut carbon emissions expire .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Its aim is to approve a new global warming treaty for the period after 2012 , when the Kyoto Protocol 's obligations to cut carbon emissions expire .	Its aim is to approve a new global warming treaty for the period after 2011 , when the Kyoto Protocol 's obligations to cut carbon emissions expire .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Its aim is to approve a new global warming treaty for the period after 2012 , when the Kyoto Protocol 's obligations to cut carbon emissions expire .	Its aim is to approve a new global warming treaty for the period at 2012 , when the Kyoto Protocol 's obligations to cut carbon emissions expire .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	At a lecture in London , Brady Dougan , the chief executive , said that he expected the mortgage market to remain problematic for between six to 18 months .	At a lecture in London , Brady Dougan , the chief executive , said that he expected the mortgage market to remain problematic for between six to 17 months .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	At a lecture in London , Brady Dougan , the chief executive , said that he expected the mortgage market to remain problematic for between six to 18 months .	At a lecture in London , Brady Dougan , the chief executive , said that he expected the mortgage market to remain problematic for between six to 19 months .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Chen 's opposition Democratic Progressive Party -LRB- DPP -RRB- immediately cried foul after Tuesday 's arrest , saying it was politically motivated .	Chen 's opposition Democratic Progressive Party -LRB- DPP -RRB- immediately cried foul at Tuesday 's arrest , saying it was politically motivated .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Garvin , a biologist , said he and his wife appointed themselves caretakers of about 60 or so squirrels at the park after 9 / 11 .	Garvin , a biologist , said he and his wife appointed themselves caretakers of about 60 or so squirrels at the park after 10 / 11 .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Garvin , a biologist , said he and his wife appointed themselves caretakers of about 60 or so squirrels at the park after 9 / 11 .	Garvin , a biologist , said he and his wife appointed themselves caretakers of about 60 or so squirrels at the park after 8 / 11 .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Garvin , a biologist , said he and his wife appointed themselves caretakers of about 60 or so squirrels at the park after 9 / 11 .	Garvin , a biologist , said he and his wife appointed themselves caretakers of about 60 or so squirrels at the park at 9 / 11 .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The idea was revived two decades later by yet another Roosevelt , Franklin .	The idea was revived two decades time by yet another Roosevelt , Franklin .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	ISLAMABAD -LRB- AP -RRB- -- A Taliban spokesman and a deputy to Baitullah Mehsud claimed Saturday that the Pakistani Taliban chief was not killed by a CIA missile strike , contradicting another aide who confirmed Mehsud 's death a day earlier .	ISLAMABAD -LRB- AP -RRB- -- A Taliban spokesman and a deputy to Baitullah Mehsud claimed Saturday that the Pakistani Taliban chief was not killed by a CIA missile strike , contradicting another aide who confirmed Mehsud 's death a day time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The German unit had nearly 36 million customers at the end of 2007 .	The German unit had nearly 36 million customers before the end of 2008 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The German unit had nearly 36 million customers at the end of 2007 .	The German unit had nearly 36 million customers after the end of 2007 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It will try to stifle lending booms , of the kind seen between 2005 and 2007 , as well as stimulating lending during recessions such as the current one .	It will try to stifle lending booms , of the kind seen between 2004 and 2007 , as well as stimulating lending during recessions such as the current one .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	It will try to stifle lending booms , of the kind seen between 2005 and 2007 , as well as stimulating lending during recessions such as the current one .	It will try to stifle lending booms , of the kind seen between 2006 and 2007 , as well as stimulating lending during recessions such as the current one .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Stefan Hilton , 19 , of Beach Road in Hemsby was travelling along the Horsey Road in West Somerton on 27 May at 0700 BST when his red Fiesta left the road .	Stefan Hilton , 19 , of Beach Road in Hemsby was travelling along the Horsey Road in West Somerton on 27 May before 701 BST when his red Fiesta left the road .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Stefan Hilton , 19 , of Beach Road in Hemsby was travelling along the Horsey Road in West Somerton on 27 May at 0700 BST when his red Fiesta left the road .	Stefan Hilton , 19 , of Beach Road in Hemsby was travelling along the Horsey Road in West Somerton on 27 May after 0700 BST when his red Fiesta left the road .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Six months later , we had a storybook wedding in the south of France .	Six months time , we had a storybook wedding in the south of France .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Thames Barrier will close today at 1330 GMT to protect properties from flooding .	The Thames Barrier will close today before 1331 GMT to protect properties from flooding .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Thames Barrier will close today at 1330 GMT to protect properties from flooding .	The Thames Barrier will close today after 1330 GMT to protect properties from flooding .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In February 2002 , police fatally shot drug lord Ramon Arellano Felix , then arrested his brother Benjamin a month later .	In February 2002 , police fatally shot drug lord Ramon Arellano Felix , then arrested his brother Benjamin a month time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Officers were called to the property in Bailey Crescent on Mansfield 's Ladybrooke estate at about 0620 BST .	Officers were called to the property in Bailey Crescent on Mansfield 's Ladybrooke estate before about 621 BST .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Officers were called to the property in Bailey Crescent on Mansfield 's Ladybrooke estate at about 0620 BST .	Officers were called to the property in Bailey Crescent on Mansfield 's Ladybrooke estate after about 0620 BST .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It is not completely consistent with a new kind of politics that Barack Obama promised , but at the end of the day it is not how you start -- it is how you finish , '' he said .	It is not completely consistent with a new kind of politics that Barack Obama promised , but after the end of the day it is not how you start -- it is how you finish , '' he said .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Please note that shares acquired on or after December 30 , 2009 will be traded Ex-Interest on Capital Stock .	Please note that shares acquired on or after january 30 , 2009 will be traded Ex-Interest on Capital Stock .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Please note that shares acquired on or after December 30 , 2009 will be traded Ex-Interest on Capital Stock .	Please note that shares acquired on or after november 30 , 2009 will be traded Ex-Interest on Capital Stock .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Please note that shares acquired on or after December 30 , 2009 will be traded Ex-Interest on Capital Stock .	Please note that shares acquired on or at December 30 , 2009 will be traded Ex-Interest on Capital Stock .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He scooped the Designer of the Year Award at this year 's Scottish Fashion Awards , and is helping to cement Scotland 's status as a breeding ground for new talent , alongside a contingency of ' hot Scots ' in London such as Christopher Kane , Jonathan Saunders , Louise Gray and Holly Fulton .	He scooped the Designer of the Year Award after this year 's Scottish Fashion Awards , and is helping to cement Scotland 's status as a breeding ground for new talent , alongside a contingency of ' hot Scots ' in London such as Christopher Kane , Jonathan Saunders , Louise Gray and Holly Fulton .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The tie-up will take place before Christmas , as HMV looks to expand its reach beyond selling CDs and DVDs .	The tie-up will take place at Christmas , as HMV looks to expand its reach beyond selling CDs and DVDs .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The deal is expected to close at the start of the fourth quarter , subject to authorisation from the Dutch central bank and regulatory approval , including from the European Commission . ''	The deal is expected to close after the start of the fourth quarter , subject to authorisation from the Dutch central bank and regulatory approval , including from the European Commission . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	• In London , AbdulMutallab applies for a multiple-entry U.S. tourist visa and receives it four days later , according to State Department spokesman Ian Kelley . ''	• In London , AbdulMutallab applies for a multiple-entry U.S. tourist visa and receives it four days time , according to State Department spokesman Ian Kelley . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Southwest , the biggest carrier , served 9.3 % more passengers than a year earlier . ''	Southwest , the biggest carrier , served 9.3 % more passengers than a year time . ''	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	After Virginia Tech built a five-point lead in overtime , the Pirates -LRB- 9-4 -RRB- pulled within two points twice , the last time at 92-90 .	After Virginia Tech built a five-point lead in overtime , the Pirates -LRB- 9-4 -RRB- pulled within two points twice , the last time after 92-90 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	As I was coming down , I felt one little pop , and then a second later , I felt the second pop , '' he said .	As I was coming down , I felt one little pop , and then a second time , I felt the second pop , '' he said .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Barcelona face the English champions and current Premiership leaders in their Champions League semi-final first leg match on Wednesday with the second leg in Manchester six days later .	Barcelona face the English champions and current Premiership leaders in their Champions League semi-final first leg match on Wednesday with the second leg in Manchester six days time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Five minutes later Celtic were three ahead and the tie was effectively over .	Five minutes time Celtic were three ahead and the tie was effectively over .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A decade later , President George H. W. Bush blamed Alan Greenspan 's tight money policy for his own defeat .	A decade time , President George H. W. Bush blamed Alan Greenspan 's tight money policy for his own defeat .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But police had actually found Dennison , living rough in Nottingham , four days earlier .	But police had actually found Dennison , living rough in Nottingham , four days time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Meta-search sites -- among them , Kayak.com and Fly.com -- search hundreds of travel sites at once in a quest to identify the best rates .	Meta-search sites -- among them , Kayak.com and Fly.com -- search hundreds of travel sites after once in a quest to identify the best rates .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The scientists conducted independent studies on samples from the two mummies , which were among those collected between 1999 and 2002 in the high coastal desert of southern Peru by Sonia Guillen , a Peruvian anthropologist .	The scientists conducted independent studies on samples from the two mummies , which were among those collected between 1998 and 2002 in the high coastal desert of southern Peru by Sonia Guillen , a Peruvian anthropologist .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The scientists conducted independent studies on samples from the two mummies , which were among those collected between 1999 and 2002 in the high coastal desert of southern Peru by Sonia Guillen , a Peruvian anthropologist .	The scientists conducted independent studies on samples from the two mummies , which were among those collected between 2000 and 2002 in the high coastal desert of southern Peru by Sonia Guillen , a Peruvian anthropologist .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The distance to peace has been narrowed although peace has not been achieved , '' she said at Friday 's news conference .	The distance to peace has been narrowed although peace has not been achieved , '' she said after Friday 's news conference .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Luke Hodge said the £ 500 grant would be raised at future festivals as part of the award .	Luke Hodge said the £ 500 grant would be raised after future festivals as part of the award .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Nearly an hour later , at 2 : 10 in the morning , a resident found the two children floating in the middle of the river .	Nearly an hour time , at 2 : 10 in the morning , a resident found the two children floating in the middle of the river .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	About an hour later , she '' developed lightheadedness and fatigue , '' a court statement said .	About an hour time , she '' developed lightheadedness and fatigue , '' a court statement said .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Seconds later , the deputy heard gunshots .	Seconds time , the deputy heard gunshots .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Further review meetings scheduled ; process to complete at 2009 UN summit in Copenhagen .	Further review meetings scheduled ; process to complete before 2010 UN summit in Copenhagen .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Further review meetings scheduled ; process to complete at 2009 UN summit in Copenhagen .	Further review meetings scheduled ; process to complete after 2009 UN summit in Copenhagen .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Time Warner Cable had a similar run-in with then-New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer just a year earlier .	Time Warner Cable had a similar run-in with then-New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer just a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mumps reached epidemic levels four years ago but levels back to fell to 1,476 cases in 2007 before increasing again at the end of last year .	Mumps reached epidemic levels four years ago but levels back to fell to 1,476 cases in 2007 before increasing again after the end of last year .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The court heard this carried on in the evenings between September 2004 and 2005 - around the time the defendant 's marriage of 20 years was breaking down .	The court heard this carried on in the evenings between august 2004 and 2005 - around the time the defendant 's marriage of 20 years was breaking down .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The court heard this carried on in the evenings between September 2004 and 2005 - around the time the defendant 's marriage of 20 years was breaking down .	The court heard this carried on in the evenings between october 2004 and 2005 - around the time the defendant 's marriage of 20 years was breaking down .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	On Friday , Disney shares closed at $ 30.66 , a decrease of 12 percent from where they stood a year earlier .	On Friday , Disney shares closed at $ 30.66 , a decrease of 12 percent from where they stood a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Kyus Caines died shortly after 8 p.m. CANCUN , Mexico -LRB- AP -RRB- - Mickel Picco scored 23 points and Boston College started the game with a 20-0 run to beat No. 22 TCU 77-68 on Thursday in the Caribbean Challenge .	Kyus Caines died shortly after 9 p.m. CANCUN , Mexico -LRB- AP -RRB- - Mickel Picco scored 23 points and Boston College started the game with a 20-0 run to beat No. 22 TCU 77-68 on Thursday in the Caribbean Challenge .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Kyus Caines died shortly after 8 p.m. CANCUN , Mexico -LRB- AP -RRB- - Mickel Picco scored 23 points and Boston College started the game with a 20-0 run to beat No. 22 TCU 77-68 on Thursday in the Caribbean Challenge .	Kyus Caines died shortly after 7 p.m. CANCUN , Mexico -LRB- AP -RRB- - Mickel Picco scored 23 points and Boston College started the game with a 20-0 run to beat No. 22 TCU 77-68 on Thursday in the Caribbean Challenge .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Kyus Caines died shortly after 8 p.m. CANCUN , Mexico -LRB- AP -RRB- - Mickel Picco scored 23 points and Boston College started the game with a 20-0 run to beat No. 22 TCU 77-68 on Thursday in the Caribbean Challenge .	Kyus Caines died shortly at 8 p.m. CANCUN , Mexico -LRB- AP -RRB- - Mickel Picco scored 23 points and Boston College started the game with a 20-0 run to beat No. 22 TCU 77-68 on Thursday in the Caribbean Challenge .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	31 , the company posted a loss of $ 27 million , or 28 cents per share , compared with a loss of $ 78.9 million , or 85 cents per share , in the same period a year earlier .	31 , the company posted a loss of $ 27 million , or 28 cents per share , compared with a loss of $ 78.9 million , or 85 cents per share , in the same period a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two years later , stunned by the racial prejudice that divided him from Americans , yet with money in his pocket and a good grasp of PACIFIC English , he returned to Mexico to start a family OCEAN and embark on a career as a tour guide .	Two years time , stunned by the racial prejudice that divided him from Americans , yet with money in his pocket and a good grasp of PACIFIC English , he returned to Mexico to start a family OCEAN and embark on a career as a tour guide .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	These FSPs are effective for interim and annual reporting periods ending after June 15 , 2009 , with early adoption permitted for periods ending after March 15 , 2009 .	These FSPs are effective for interim and annual reporting periods ending after july 15 , 2009 , with early adoption permitted for periods ending after March 15 , 2009 .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	These FSPs are effective for interim and annual reporting periods ending after June 15 , 2009 , with early adoption permitted for periods ending after March 15 , 2009 .	These FSPs are effective for interim and annual reporting periods ending after may 15 , 2009 , with early adoption permitted for periods ending after March 15 , 2009 .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	These FSPs are effective for interim and annual reporting periods ending after June 15 , 2009 , with early adoption permitted for periods ending after March 15 , 2009 .	These FSPs are effective for interim and annual reporting periods ending at June 15 , 2009 , with early adoption permitted for periods ending after March 15 , 2009 .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In Washington , U.S. Trade Representative Susan C. Schwab said she hoped Costa Rica can implement the necessary changes before Oct .	In Washington , U.S. Trade Representative Susan C. Schwab said she hoped Costa Rica can implement the necessary changes at Oct .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	About two hours later , police found Adair 's black Chrysler 300M in a parking lot next to a Middleton bar .	About two hours time , police found Adair 's black Chrysler 300M in a parking lot next to a Middleton bar .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The suspects approached the Ernest Jones jewellers on South Molton Street just before 1000 BST on Saturday .	The suspects approached the Ernest Jones jewellers on South Molton Street just before 999 BST on Saturday .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The suspects approached the Ernest Jones jewellers on South Molton Street just before 1000 BST on Saturday .	The suspects approached the Ernest Jones jewellers on South Molton Street just before 1001 BST on Saturday .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The suspects approached the Ernest Jones jewellers on South Molton Street just before 1000 BST on Saturday .	The suspects approached the Ernest Jones jewellers on South Molton Street just at 1000 BST on Saturday .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The crash happened 19 minutes later .	The crash happened 19 minutes time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The pair were involved in smuggling illegal weapons bought on the black market in Basra when their unit , then known as the Duke of Wellington 's Regiment , was on duty in Iraq between October 2004 and April 2005 .	The pair were involved in smuggling illegal weapons bought on the black market in Basra when their unit , then known as the Duke of Wellington 's Regiment , was on duty in Iraq between september 2004 and April 2005 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The pair were involved in smuggling illegal weapons bought on the black market in Basra when their unit , then known as the Duke of Wellington 's Regiment , was on duty in Iraq between October 2004 and April 2005 .	The pair were involved in smuggling illegal weapons bought on the black market in Basra when their unit , then known as the Duke of Wellington 's Regiment , was on duty in Iraq between november 2004 and April 2005 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And now , a year later , he wants to leave ?	And now , a year time , he wants to leave ?	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	As the campaign closed , a common fantasy among some of McCain 's old associates went like this : the old bomber pilot would pull back on the stick before Election Day , right his wobbly plane and mount a clean push for victory .	As the campaign closed , a common fantasy among some of McCain 's old associates went like this : the old bomber pilot would pull back on the stick at Election Day , right his wobbly plane and mount a clean push for victory .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	North Korea has said it intends to launch the missile between April 4 and 8 , a period when President Obama will be meeting with world leaders abroad .	North Korea has said it intends to launch the missile between march 4 and 8 , a period when President Obama will be meeting with world leaders abroad .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	North Korea has said it intends to launch the missile between April 4 and 8 , a period when President Obama will be meeting with world leaders abroad .	North Korea has said it intends to launch the missile between may 4 and 8 , a period when President Obama will be meeting with world leaders abroad .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And then , a couple of months later , the Todoroviches found out that they did not know everything about what they were getting into .	And then , a couple of months time , the Todoroviches found out that they did not know everything about what they were getting into .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A week later , the Arab television network Al-Jazeera aired a videotape showing a stunned-looking Maupin wearing camouflage and a floppy desert hat , sitting on the floor surrounded by five masked men holding automatic rifles .	A week time , the Arab television network Al-Jazeera aired a videotape showing a stunned-looking Maupin wearing camouflage and a floppy desert hat , sitting on the floor surrounded by five masked men holding automatic rifles .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Kevin Pietersen and Andrew Flintoff are among the most sought-after England players -- although Flintoff is widely reported as having ruled out a return to India for the Test series when the England squad makes its expected departure at the end of the week .	Kevin Pietersen and Andrew Flintoff are among the most sought-after England players -- although Flintoff is widely reported as having ruled out a return to India for the Test series when the England squad makes its expected departure after the end of the week .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The authors said Britain , which won 47 medals at last year 's Beijing Olympics compared with 28 in Sydney in 2000 , can expect to collect 63 medals at the Games it will host in London in 2012 .	The authors said Britain , which won 47 medals after last year 's Beijing Olympics compared with 28 in Sydney in 2000 , can expect to collect 63 medals at the Games it will host in London in 2012 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	that these alternatives will be successful on or before October 31 , 2008 .	that these alternatives will be successful on or before september 31 , 2008 .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	that these alternatives will be successful on or before October 31 , 2008 .	that these alternatives will be successful on or before november 31 , 2008 .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	that these alternatives will be successful on or before October 31 , 2008 .	that these alternatives will be successful on or at October 31 , 2008 .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A transatlantic journey the other way three months later brought only red faces .	A transatlantic journey the other way three months time brought only red faces .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Wise , of Ship Road , Leighton Buzzard , Bedfordshire , who was kicked out of Ukip over the scandal , denied false accounting between October 14 and November 16 2004 .	Wise , of Ship Road , Leighton Buzzard , Bedfordshire , who was kicked out of Ukip over the scandal , denied false accounting between september 14 and November 16 2004 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Wise , of Ship Road , Leighton Buzzard , Bedfordshire , who was kicked out of Ukip over the scandal , denied false accounting between October 14 and November 16 2004 .	Wise , of Ship Road , Leighton Buzzard , Bedfordshire , who was kicked out of Ukip over the scandal , denied false accounting between november 14 and November 16 2004 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr Johnson , 56 , saw the car , similar to a Ford Fiesta , parked in White Lea Road , between 2030 BST and 2100 BST .	Mr Johnson , 56 , saw the car , similar to a Ford Fiesta , parked in White Lea Road , between 2029 BST and 2100 BST .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Mr Johnson , 56 , saw the car , similar to a Ford Fiesta , parked in White Lea Road , between 2030 BST and 2100 BST .	Mr Johnson , 56 , saw the car , similar to a Ford Fiesta , parked in White Lea Road , between 2031 BST and 2100 BST .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few hours later in the same city , a suicide bomber attacked a paramilitary checkpoint killing at least three soldiers . ''	A few hours time in the same city , a suicide bomber attacked a paramilitary checkpoint killing at least three soldiers . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	These won ' t leave anyone feeling that they 've been missing out for all these years , and they 're not likely to make Beatlemaniacs out of anyone who hasn ' t cared for the Liverpudlians ' sound before now .	These won ' t leave anyone feeling that they 've been missing out for all these years , and they 're not likely to make Beatlemaniacs out of anyone who hasn ' t cared for the Liverpudlians ' sound at now .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Opposition leaders have said that they think Aso is considering any Sunday between October 26 and November 9 for the general election .	Opposition leaders have said that they think Aso is considering any Sunday between september 26 and November 9 for the general election .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Opposition leaders have said that they think Aso is considering any Sunday between October 26 and November 9 for the general election .	Opposition leaders have said that they think Aso is considering any Sunday between november 26 and November 9 for the general election .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Total mortgage loans were $ 3.3 billion at September 30 , 2010 , a decrease of $ 0.2 billion , or 6.6 percent , compared with $ 3.5 billion at December 31 , 2009 , as origination volumes remained relatively low . ''	Total mortgage loans were $ 3.3 billion before october 30 , 2010 , a decrease of $ 0.2 billion , or 6.6 percent , compared with $ 3.5 billion at December 31 , 2009 , as origination volumes remained relatively low . ''	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Total mortgage loans were $ 3.3 billion at September 30 , 2010 , a decrease of $ 0.2 billion , or 6.6 percent , compared with $ 3.5 billion at December 31 , 2009 , as origination volumes remained relatively low . ''	Total mortgage loans were $ 3.3 billion after September 30 , 2010 , a decrease of $ 0.2 billion , or 6.6 percent , compared with $ 3.5 billion at December 31 , 2009 , as origination volumes remained relatively low . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Joining Tiger Woods and Ben Hogan in the history books would be magical , but Padraig Harrington insists he will not allow himself to be obsessed with that tempting prospect at this week 's Masters .	Joining Tiger Woods and Ben Hogan in the history books would be magical , but Padraig Harrington insists he will not allow himself to be obsessed with that tempting prospect after this week 's Masters .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The interception , first done there at least a year ago , was possible because the remotely flown planes had unprotected communications links . ''	The interception , first done there after least a year ago , was possible because the remotely flown planes had unprotected communications links . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	There has been a five-month ebb and flow among the contenders -- solid one week , flailing the next , back in a groove a week later .	There has been a five-month ebb and flow among the contenders -- solid one week , flailing the next , back in a groove a week time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She almost missed the championship after landing in hot water following her foul-mouthed attack on a lineswoman during her loss to Clijsters at last year 's U.S. Open . ''	She almost missed the championship after landing in hot water following her foul-mouthed attack on a lineswoman during her loss to Clijsters after last year 's U.S. Open . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The attacks triggered Britain and France 's declaration of war against Germany two days later .	The attacks triggered Britain and France 's declaration of war against Germany two days time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He 's doing well , and we hope to have him back on ' Today ' later this week , '' Kopf said in an e-mail .	He 's doing well , and we hope to have him back on ' Today ' time this week , '' Kopf said in an e-mail .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She said the militant attack at the weekend of the Pakistani military headquarters in Rawalpindi was another reminder that the extremists were '' increasingly threatening the authority of the state '' of Pakistan .	She said the militant attack after the weekend of the Pakistani military headquarters in Rawalpindi was another reminder that the extremists were '' increasingly threatening the authority of the state '' of Pakistan .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Chelsea could have made the points safe at the start of the second half when Cole cleverly played Paulo Ferreira behind the United defence , only for the full-back to fail to supply a striker 's finish . ''	Chelsea could have made the points safe after the start of the second half when Cole cleverly played Paulo Ferreira behind the United defence , only for the full-back to fail to supply a striker 's finish . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	By the time they emerged , just before 8 p.m. , they had missed any chance of having their visit to the RNC on the network newscasts .	By the time they emerged , just before 7 p.m. , they had missed any chance of having their visit to the RNC on the network newscasts .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	By the time they emerged , just before 8 p.m. , they had missed any chance of having their visit to the RNC on the network newscasts .	By the time they emerged , just before 9 p.m. , they had missed any chance of having their visit to the RNC on the network newscasts .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	By the time they emerged , just before 8 p.m. , they had missed any chance of having their visit to the RNC on the network newscasts .	By the time they emerged , just at 8 p.m. , they had missed any chance of having their visit to the RNC on the network newscasts .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Fire crews were called to the blazing vehicle in Hornock Road , near the Gartsherrie Industrial Estate , at about 1430 GMT .	Fire crews were called to the blazing vehicle in Hornock Road , near the Gartsherrie Industrial Estate , before about 1431 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Fire crews were called to the blazing vehicle in Hornock Road , near the Gartsherrie Industrial Estate , at about 1430 GMT .	Fire crews were called to the blazing vehicle in Hornock Road , near the Gartsherrie Industrial Estate , after about 1430 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The second leg is scheduled to start at 1215 GMT .	The second leg is scheduled to start before 1216 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The second leg is scheduled to start at 1215 GMT .	The second leg is scheduled to start after 1215 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Seeing an opportunity for what 104 Community Outreach Coordinator Matthias Tronqual calls '' a project at once artistic , economic and social , '' the city built the complex in a former municipal funeral parlor at the center of the troubled Flandres neighborhood -- a melting pot of 30 different ethnic groups , with a 20 % unemployment rate and over 60 % social housing .	Seeing an opportunity for what 104 Community Outreach Coordinator Matthias Tronqual calls '' a project after once artistic , economic and social , '' the city built the complex in a former municipal funeral parlor at the center of the troubled Flandres neighborhood -- a melting pot of 30 different ethnic groups , with a 20 % unemployment rate and over 60 % social housing .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The incident happened just before 1 a.m. .	The incident happened just before 0 a.m. .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The incident happened just before 1 a.m. .	The incident happened just before 2 a.m. .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The incident happened just before 1 a.m. .	The incident happened just at 1 a.m. .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Projections based on both the CPS -LSB- Current Population Survey -RSB- and the Masterfile data indicate that the number of active physicians will increase by approximately 20 percent between 2005 and 2020 , '' Douglas O. Staiger , of Dartmouth College in Hanover , N.H. , reported in the Oct .	Projections based on both the CPS -LSB- Current Population Survey -RSB- and the Masterfile data indicate that the number of active physicians will increase by approximately 20 percent between 2004 and 2020 , '' Douglas O. Staiger , of Dartmouth College in Hanover , N.H. , reported in the Oct .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Projections based on both the CPS -LSB- Current Population Survey -RSB- and the Masterfile data indicate that the number of active physicians will increase by approximately 20 percent between 2005 and 2020 , '' Douglas O. Staiger , of Dartmouth College in Hanover , N.H. , reported in the Oct .	Projections based on both the CPS -LSB- Current Population Survey -RSB- and the Masterfile data indicate that the number of active physicians will increase by approximately 20 percent between 2006 and 2020 , '' Douglas O. Staiger , of Dartmouth College in Hanover , N.H. , reported in the Oct .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Even though a judge dismissed a lawsuit that could have brought power to the island , its undercurrent is still fiercely felt four years later .	Even though a judge dismissed a lawsuit that could have brought power to the island , its undercurrent is still fiercely felt four years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Italy , who dominated volleyball in the 1990s before falling off their lofty perch , seemed to be cruising into the last four after taking the first two sets but they lost their way in the third as star spiker Mariusz Wlazly inspired a Polish fightback .	Italy , who dominated volleyball in the 1990s before falling off their lofty perch , seemed to be cruising into the last four at taking the first two sets but they lost their way in the third as star spiker Mariusz Wlazly inspired a Polish fightback .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Overcoming 99 years of heartbreak will be much harder than the Angels ' winning the 2002 Series in their 42nd season , after several gruesome collapses , or the Red Sox ' eight straight victories at the end of 2004 , eradicating all the silliness about the jinx of the Babe , or the White Sox ' winning in 2005 for their first time since 1917 , before the gambling scandal of 1919 .	Overcoming 99 years of heartbreak will be much harder than the Angels ' winning the 2002 Series in their 42nd season , after several gruesome collapses , or the Red Sox ' eight straight victories before the end of 2005 , eradicating all the silliness about the jinx of the Babe , or the White Sox ' winning in 2005 for their first time since 1917 , before the gambling scandal of 1919 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Overcoming 99 years of heartbreak will be much harder than the Angels ' winning the 2002 Series in their 42nd season , after several gruesome collapses , or the Red Sox ' eight straight victories at the end of 2004 , eradicating all the silliness about the jinx of the Babe , or the White Sox ' winning in 2005 for their first time since 1917 , before the gambling scandal of 1919 .	Overcoming 99 years of heartbreak will be much harder than the Angels ' winning the 2002 Series in their 42nd season , after several gruesome collapses , or the Red Sox ' eight straight victories after the end of 2004 , eradicating all the silliness about the jinx of the Babe , or the White Sox ' winning in 2005 for their first time since 1917 , before the gambling scandal of 1919 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The latest figures show only 11 taxis were booked between January and March , '' the spokesman said .	The latest figures show only 11 taxis were booked between december and March , '' the spokesman said .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The latest figures show only 11 taxis were booked between January and March , '' the spokesman said .	The latest figures show only 11 taxis were booked between february and March , '' the spokesman said .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The raids were carried out in east London and Essex between 2006 and 2008 .	The raids were carried out in east London and Essex between 2005 and 2008 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The raids were carried out in east London and Essex between 2006 and 2008 .	The raids were carried out in east London and Essex between 2007 and 2008 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Following a week in which disappointing US bank earnings news and soft economic data led markets to increase speculation that the Fed will cut interest rates at the end of the month , the news this week is not likely to get any better , '' Calyon currency strategist Mitul Kotecha said .	Following a week in which disappointing US bank earnings news and soft economic data led markets to increase speculation that the Fed will cut interest rates after the end of the month , the news this week is not likely to get any better , '' Calyon currency strategist Mitul Kotecha said .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Net income at San Francisco-based Wells Fargo rose 4 percent to $ 2.28 billion , or 68 cents per share , from $ 2.19 billion , or 64 cents , a year earlier .	Net income at San Francisco-based Wells Fargo rose 4 percent to $ 2.28 billion , or 68 cents per share , from $ 2.19 billion , or 64 cents , a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	China 's defence ministry had warned at the weekend that it reserved the right to take unspecified action if Washington followed through with the sale , which it called a '' severe obstacle '' to China-US military ties .	China 's defence ministry had warned after the weekend that it reserved the right to take unspecified action if Washington followed through with the sale , which it called a '' severe obstacle '' to China-US military ties .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A second man has been charged with the murder of a bus passenger who was stabbed during a row at the weekend .	A second man has been charged with the murder of a bus passenger who was stabbed during a row after the weekend .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The US Department of Energy will publish its weekly report on American energy inventories on Thursday , one day later than normal because of a public holiday on Monday .	The US Department of Energy will publish its weekly report on American energy inventories on Thursday , one day time than normal because of a public holiday on Monday .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He cruised to a victory in the butterfly , however , turning in a time of 1 : 51.51 that broke his own world mark of 1 : 52.03 set at last year 's Beijing Olympics .	He cruised to a victory in the butterfly , however , turning in a time of 1 : 51.51 that broke his own world mark of 1 : 52.03 set after last year 's Beijing Olympics .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In April , he pronounced himself a candidate on '' The Rachel Maddow Show , '' only to withdraw the statement a day later and say he was only considering a bid .	In April , he pronounced himself a candidate on '' The Rachel Maddow Show , '' only to withdraw the statement a day time and say he was only considering a bid .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	About two-and-a-half hours later the stay was denied .	About two-and-a-half hours time the stay was denied .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Thousands of spectators gathered on the shore to send the vessel on its way against a backdrop of fireworks after a day of goodbyes marred only when she ran aground on a sandbank before being freed about 40 minutes later .	Thousands of spectators gathered on the shore to send the vessel on its way against a backdrop of fireworks after a day of goodbyes marred only when she ran aground on a sandbank before being freed about 40 minutes time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She made the U.S. team at last year 's world championships , making it to the finals and finishing eighth .	She made the U.S. team after last year 's world championships , making it to the finals and finishing eighth .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The credit expires after 2010 , but Obama has proposed making it permanent .	The credit expires after 2011 , but Obama has proposed making it permanent .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The credit expires after 2010 , but Obama has proposed making it permanent .	The credit expires after 2009 , but Obama has proposed making it permanent .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The credit expires after 2010 , but Obama has proposed making it permanent .	The credit expires at 2010 , but Obama has proposed making it permanent .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That number has fallen 29 per cent from a decade earlier , when there were 150,129 children in the same situation .	That number has fallen 29 per cent from a decade time , when there were 150,129 children in the same situation .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The brigade said it was called to the blaze at about 1320 GMT .	The brigade said it was called to the blaze before about 1321 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The brigade said it was called to the blaze at about 1320 GMT .	The brigade said it was called to the blaze after about 1320 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It was brought by investors who said they bought some of the $ 5.45 billion of American depositary shares that Barclays issued between April 2006 and April 2008 .	It was brought by investors who said they bought some of the $ 5.45 billion of American depositary shares that Barclays issued between march 2006 and April 2008 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	It was brought by investors who said they bought some of the $ 5.45 billion of American depositary shares that Barclays issued between April 2006 and April 2008 .	It was brought by investors who said they bought some of the $ 5.45 billion of American depositary shares that Barclays issued between may 2006 and April 2008 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Here we come , '' New York Jets rookie coach Rex Ryan said after Sunday 's game .	Here we come , '' New York Jets rookie coach Rex Ryan said at Sunday 's game .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Cigna reported a profit of $ 263 million , or 93 cents a share , up from $ 232 million , or 76 cents a share , a year earlier .	Cigna reported a profit of $ 263 million , or 93 cents a share , up from $ 232 million , or 76 cents a share , a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The incident happened on 27 November between 1555 and 1605 GMT .	The incident happened on 27 November between 1554 and 1605 GMT .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The incident happened on 27 November between 1555 and 1605 GMT .	The incident happened on 27 November between 1556 and 1605 GMT .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mid-season import Shaquille O ` Neal added 15 points and 13 rebounds for the Suns , who leapt to a 38-19 lead after the first quarter .	Mid-season import Shaquille O ` Neal added 15 points and 13 rebounds for the Suns , who leapt to a 38-19 lead at the first quarter .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A climate change deal at the end of the year could end up being two treaties because the Americans refuse to sign up to existing global agreements .	A climate change deal after the end of the year could end up being two treaties because the Americans refuse to sign up to existing global agreements .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Numerous experts at this week 's AU meeting on maritime security cited Somalia , which has seen a huge rise in piracy due to the chaos in the country since 1991 .	Numerous experts after this week 's AU meeting on maritime security cited Somalia , which has seen a huge rise in piracy due to the chaos in the country since 1991 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Substitute Ishmael Miller pulled a goal back with 25 minutes remaining , and might have doubled his tally eight minutes later had it not been for Given 's block .	Substitute Ishmael Miller pulled a goal back with 25 minutes remaining , and might have doubled his tally eight minutes time had it not been for Given 's block .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Williams was killed in an unsolved drive-by shooting in downtown Denver on New Year 's Day and Nash died two months later after a charity basketball game in St. Louis .	Williams was killed in an unsolved drive-by shooting in downtown Denver on New Year 's Day and Nash died two months time after a charity basketball game in St. Louis .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Given that , the Fed has reduced the amount it will lend to financial institutions under two programs and it has decided to let a program to support money market mutual funds to expire as currently scheduled at the end of October .	Given that , the Fed has reduced the amount it will lend to financial institutions under two programs and it has decided to let a program to support money market mutual funds to expire as currently scheduled before the end of november .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Given that , the Fed has reduced the amount it will lend to financial institutions under two programs and it has decided to let a program to support money market mutual funds to expire as currently scheduled at the end of October .	Given that , the Fed has reduced the amount it will lend to financial institutions under two programs and it has decided to let a program to support money market mutual funds to expire as currently scheduled after the end of October .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Rihanna , who police say was allegedly punched , bitten and choked by Brown in the early morning hours before last month 's Grammy Awards , is nominated for best song , too .	Rihanna , who police say was allegedly punched , bitten and choked by Brown in the early morning hours at last month 's Grammy Awards , is nominated for best song , too .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She said that shortly after midnight she had gone to Miss Winehouse 's dressing room and politely asked her to pose for a photograph with her friend , Kiaran Connolly , who , by his own admission , was '' hammered '' on after-show drinks .	She said that shortly at midnight she had gone to Miss Winehouse 's dressing room and politely asked her to pose for a photograph with her friend , Kiaran Connolly , who , by his own admission , was '' hammered '' on after-show drinks .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I 'm happy because at the end of the day it 's what she loves .	I 'm happy because after the end of the day it 's what she loves .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The woman was crossing High Street in Lanark at about 1530 BST when she was hit by the truck .	The woman was crossing High Street in Lanark before about 1531 BST when she was hit by the truck .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The woman was crossing High Street in Lanark at about 1530 BST when she was hit by the truck .	The woman was crossing High Street in Lanark after about 1530 BST when she was hit by the truck .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	What makes '' American Teen '' -LRB- which took the directing prize at this year 's Sundance festival -RRB- more than reductive is its appetite for surprising , illuminating revelation .	What makes '' American Teen '' -LRB- which took the directing prize after this year 's Sundance festival -RRB- more than reductive is its appetite for surprising , illuminating revelation .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Norway 's government plans to propose a Swedish-style prostitution law after Easter .	Norway 's government plans to propose a Swedish-style prostitution law at Easter .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	President Erik Carlstone noted that Friday is the last day of school before winter break .	President Erik Carlstone noted that Friday is the last day of school before autumn break .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	President Erik Carlstone noted that Friday is the last day of school before winter break .	President Erik Carlstone noted that Friday is the last day of school before spring break .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	President Erik Carlstone noted that Friday is the last day of school before winter break .	President Erik Carlstone noted that Friday is the last day of school at winter break .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A year later he became the first French producer to offer screw tops on grand cru wines -- a label reserved for the best vineyards .	A year time he became the first French producer to offer screw tops on grand cru wines -- a label reserved for the best vineyards .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr. Wittek , a native of the Bronx , married Ms. Cooperman seven weeks later , and his Coast Guard buddy who tossed him that wallet was a guest at the wedding .	Mr. Wittek , a native of the Bronx , married Ms. Cooperman seven weeks time , and his Coast Guard buddy who tossed him that wallet was a guest at the wedding .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Officers in Slough recorded 219 vehicle thefts between 1 April and 16 June - compared with 156 during the same period last year .	Officers in Slough recorded 219 vehicle thefts between 0 April and 16 June - compared with 156 during the same period last year .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Officers in Slough recorded 219 vehicle thefts between 1 April and 16 June - compared with 156 during the same period last year .	Officers in Slough recorded 219 vehicle thefts between 2 April and 16 June - compared with 156 during the same period last year .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Then he powered his way to become the youngest men 's Wimbledon champion a few weeks later and the way grass-court tennis was played was never the same again .	Then he powered his way to become the youngest men 's Wimbledon champion a few weeks time and the way grass-court tennis was played was never the same again .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A bank that is admired and hated by rivals in equal measure , the strength of feeling against it has seeped into the popular psyche as a result of its continued ability to make money -- bar one down quarter at the end of 2008 -- throughout the worst economic period in 70 years .	A bank that is admired and hated by rivals in equal measure , the strength of feeling against it has seeped into the popular psyche as a result of its continued ability to make money -- bar one down quarter before the end of 2009 -- throughout the worst economic period in 70 years .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A bank that is admired and hated by rivals in equal measure , the strength of feeling against it has seeped into the popular psyche as a result of its continued ability to make money -- bar one down quarter at the end of 2008 -- throughout the worst economic period in 70 years .	A bank that is admired and hated by rivals in equal measure , the strength of feeling against it has seeped into the popular psyche as a result of its continued ability to make money -- bar one down quarter after the end of 2008 -- throughout the worst economic period in 70 years .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And at the weekend David Cameron , the Tory leader , reiterated his claim that Britain was a '' broken society , '' citing family breakdown rates , violent crime statistics and teenage pregnancy rates .	And after the weekend David Cameron , the Tory leader , reiterated his claim that Britain was a '' broken society , '' citing family breakdown rates , violent crime statistics and teenage pregnancy rates .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A swanky nightclub in New York City is making headlines for something far less luxurious than the A-list celebs who show up to party there night after night .	A swanky nightclub in New York City is making headlines for something far less luxurious than the A-list celebs who show up to party there night at night .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In the Senate , aides worked through the weekend on trying to nail down key details before Monday night 's meeting of six senators -- three Republicans and three Democrats -- in the offices of Senate Finance Chairman Max Baucus -LRB- D-Mont . -RRB-	In the Senate , aides worked through the weekend on trying to nail down key details at Monday night 's meeting of six senators -- three Republicans and three Democrats -- in the offices of Senate Finance Chairman Max Baucus -LRB- D-Mont . -RRB-	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Some 70 years later , the flaws and unfinished business of the U.S. Constitution that brought the United States into being into 1789 ignited the Civil War -- arguably the most serious and dangerous threat to the Union and the bloodiest war in U.S. history .	Some 70 years time , the flaws and unfinished business of the U.S. Constitution that brought the United States into being into 1789 ignited the Civil War -- arguably the most serious and dangerous threat to the Union and the bloodiest war in U.S. history .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He returned to his villa near Milan at the weekend to hold talks with ministers in a bid to smooth out a row with his finance minister , Giulio Tremonti , over tax policy .	He returned to his villa near Milan after the weekend to hold talks with ministers in a bid to smooth out a row with his finance minister , Giulio Tremonti , over tax policy .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They said Greece was committed to cutting the budget deficit from 12.7 per cent to 3 per cent of gross domestic product -- the eurozone limit -- by the end of 2012 , a year earlier than planned .	They said Greece was committed to cutting the budget deficit from 12.7 per cent to 3 per cent of gross domestic product -- the eurozone limit -- by the end of 2012 , a year time than planned .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Three groups of psychoactive substances were classified at the end of 2009 and the committee is now looking at mephedrone , also known as Meow or Toot .	Three groups of psychoactive substances were classified before the end of 2010 and the committee is now looking at mephedrone , also known as Meow or Toot .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Three groups of psychoactive substances were classified at the end of 2009 and the committee is now looking at mephedrone , also known as Meow or Toot .	Three groups of psychoactive substances were classified after the end of 2009 and the committee is now looking at mephedrone , also known as Meow or Toot .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Compared with readings a year earlier , import prices have grown by nearly 18 percent ; excluding oil , the rise was 6.6 percent .	Compared with readings a year time , import prices have grown by nearly 18 percent ; excluding oil , the rise was 6.6 percent .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A couple driving home to Maryland after Christmas took the boy into their car to warm up and called police .	A couple driving home to Maryland at Christmas took the boy into their car to warm up and called police .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I 'm tired -LRB- of -RRB- looking at behinds , '' Shreveport , Louisiana , Councilwoman Joyce Bowman said after Tuesday 's 4-3 vote to ban fanny-flaunting trousers .	I 'm tired -LRB- of -RRB- looking at behinds , '' Shreveport , Louisiana , Councilwoman Joyce Bowman said at Tuesday 's 4-3 vote to ban fanny-flaunting trousers .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	19 Nevada caucuses are the next contest on the Democratic calendar , but Clinton 's campaign advisers said her principal focus in the coming weeks will be on the accumulation of convention delegates , with the goal of emerging as the clear leader in delegates after Feb .	19 Nevada caucuses are the next contest on the Democratic calendar , but Clinton 's campaign advisers said her principal focus in the coming weeks will be on the accumulation of convention delegates , with the goal of emerging as the clear leader in delegates at Feb .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She arrived in India a year later and took her solemn vows in 1937 at the Loreto school in Calcutta , after which she took Indian citizenship .	She arrived in India a year time and took her solemn vows in 1937 at the Loreto school in Calcutta , after which she took Indian citizenship .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Dudley proposed a resolution for a board meeting in Cyprus at the end of May to remove Khan from office .	Dudley proposed a resolution for a board meeting in Cyprus before the end of june to remove Khan from office .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Dudley proposed a resolution for a board meeting in Cyprus at the end of May to remove Khan from office .	Dudley proposed a resolution for a board meeting in Cyprus after the end of May to remove Khan from office .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Iranian state channel , Press TV , said Tehran is opposed to sending the entire shipment abroad at once , suggesting it wants to do it in stages .	Iranian state channel , Press TV , said Tehran is opposed to sending the entire shipment abroad after once , suggesting it wants to do it in stages .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The fighters may have come from the Indian side or infiltrated before winter and waited to attack , he said .	The fighters may have come from the Indian side or infiltrated before autumn and waited to attack , he said .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The fighters may have come from the Indian side or infiltrated before winter and waited to attack , he said .	The fighters may have come from the Indian side or infiltrated before spring and waited to attack , he said .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The fighters may have come from the Indian side or infiltrated before winter and waited to attack , he said .	The fighters may have come from the Indian side or infiltrated at winter and waited to attack , he said .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The novel focuses on a London magazine editor who meets a 14-year-old Nigerian girl and two years later attempts to help the teenager seek asylum in Britain .	The novel focuses on a London magazine editor who meets a 14-year-old Nigerian girl and two years time attempts to help the teenager seek asylum in Britain .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	And 68 years later , after full lives , jobs and families , none has forgotten it .	And 68 years time , after full lives , jobs and families , none has forgotten it .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	DETROIT - Vigilance by fire officials and volunteers appears to have kept the number of arsons low in Detroit on Thursday , the night before Halloween , which had become notorious as '' Devil 's Night '' in years past .	DETROIT - Vigilance by fire officials and volunteers appears to have kept the number of arsons low in Detroit on Thursday , the night at Halloween , which had become notorious as '' Devil 's Night '' in years past .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He will participate in a ceremony officiated by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei a couple of days later , and then his second term will officially begin .	He will participate in a ceremony officiated by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei a couple of days time , and then his second term will officially begin .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	So , apply a few constraints , like there 's fewer resources tomorrow than there were yesterday , stir in like what 's really like in terms of how we place our bets , and ... all of a sudden it starts to make sense , and you can make those decisions , where maybe some number of months or years earlier you couldn ' t .	So , apply a few constraints , like there 's fewer resources tomorrow than there were yesterday , stir in like what 's really like in terms of how we place our bets , and ... all of a sudden it starts to make sense , and you can make those decisions , where maybe some number of months or years time you couldn ' t .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The government was humiliated at the weekend when Thaksin supporters smashed their way into a summit of south-east Asian leaders in the resort of Pattaya , forcing the evacuation of regional dignitaries by helicopter .	The government was humiliated after the weekend when Thaksin supporters smashed their way into a summit of south-east Asian leaders in the resort of Pattaya , forcing the evacuation of regional dignitaries by helicopter .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A month later , a dean at Mercy College , Shelley Alkin , who had helped arrange Mr. Deskovic 's scholarship after his release from prison , took him shopping at Pathmark to teach him about cleaning products , what types of food he ought to be eating and how much he should expect to pay .	A month time , a dean at Mercy College , Shelley Alkin , who had helped arrange Mr. Deskovic 's scholarship after his release from prison , took him shopping at Pathmark to teach him about cleaning products , what types of food he ought to be eating and how much he should expect to pay .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Thursday , 14 February , 2008 at 1100 GMT on BBC Radio 4 .	From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Thursday , 14 February , 2008 before 1101 GMT on BBC Radio 4 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Thursday , 14 February , 2008 at 1100 GMT on BBC Radio 4 .	From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Thursday , 14 February , 2008 after 1100 GMT on BBC Radio 4 .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He was taken to the Royal Free Hospital in Hampstead , north London , but pronounced dead at 1220 GMT .	He was taken to the Royal Free Hospital in Hampstead , north London , but pronounced dead before 1221 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He was taken to the Royal Free Hospital in Hampstead , north London , but pronounced dead at 1220 GMT .	He was taken to the Royal Free Hospital in Hampstead , north London , but pronounced dead after 1220 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few days later , the attorney general 's office asked Congress not to swear Godoy in .	A few days time , the attorney general 's office asked Congress not to swear Godoy in .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Abdul Rasaq , also known as Mullah Sheikh , died in a missile strike about 10 miles north of Musa Qala in Helmand province just after midnight on Sunday .	Abdul Rasaq , also known as Mullah Sheikh , died in a missile strike about 10 miles north of Musa Qala in Helmand province just at midnight on Sunday .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The weekend after Thanksgiving , considered the kickoff to holiday shopping , is expected to draw bargain-hungry consumers who have cut back on their spending over the past year amid rising unemployment , curtailed credit and a weak economy .	The weekend at Thanksgiving , considered the kickoff to holiday shopping , is expected to draw bargain-hungry consumers who have cut back on their spending over the past year amid rising unemployment , curtailed credit and a weak economy .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ahead of what is certain to be a challenging Test series in New Zealand , Panesar has been given a timely vote of confidence from his captain after what was a disappointing tour of Sri Lanka before Christmas . ''	Ahead of what is certain to be a challenging Test series in New Zealand , Panesar has been given a timely vote of confidence from his captain after what was a disappointing tour of Sri Lanka at Christmas . ''	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The New York Sun will shut down at the end of September unless it can find new investors to pump millions of dollars into it , the newspaper announced on Wednesday .	The New York Sun will shut down before the end of october unless it can find new investors to pump millions of dollars into it , the newspaper announced on Wednesday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The New York Sun will shut down at the end of September unless it can find new investors to pump millions of dollars into it , the newspaper announced on Wednesday .	The New York Sun will shut down after the end of September unless it can find new investors to pump millions of dollars into it , the newspaper announced on Wednesday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Minutes earlier the Prince of Wales spoke of the '' appalling aberrations in the human consciousness '' that led to the attacks .	Minutes time the Prince of Wales spoke of the '' appalling aberrations in the human consciousness '' that led to the attacks .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Complete results are expected to be announced on March 18 and the final ones -- after any appeals are dealt with -- will come at the end of the month .	Complete results are expected to be announced on March 18 and the final ones -- after any appeals are dealt with -- will come after the end of the month .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	By October the large , free-standing investment bank , the pride of Wall Street little more than a year earlier , was extinct .	By October the large , free-standing investment bank , the pride of Wall Street little more than a year time , was extinct .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Twenty-five years later , I 'm a board member of Oceana , the world 's largest international organization dedicated to ocean conservation .	Twenty-five years time , I 'm a board member of Oceana , the world 's largest international organization dedicated to ocean conservation .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Two-Fund Solution can be implemented all at once or in a series of steps .	The Two-Fund Solution can be implemented all after once or in a series of steps .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Sandy Mitchell , prosecuting , told the court that Hood was first seen in the street outside the police station at 2145 GMT .	Sandy Mitchell , prosecuting , told the court that Hood was first seen in the street outside the police station before 2146 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sandy Mitchell , prosecuting , told the court that Hood was first seen in the street outside the police station at 2145 GMT .	Sandy Mitchell , prosecuting , told the court that Hood was first seen in the street outside the police station after 2145 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The body of David Cassidy was found near to Parklea Playing Fields , Port Glasgow , Inverclyde , at about 1600 GMT on Wednesday .	The body of David Cassidy was found near to Parklea Playing Fields , Port Glasgow , Inverclyde , before about 1601 GMT on Wednesday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The body of David Cassidy was found near to Parklea Playing Fields , Port Glasgow , Inverclyde , at about 1600 GMT on Wednesday .	The body of David Cassidy was found near to Parklea Playing Fields , Port Glasgow , Inverclyde , after about 1600 GMT on Wednesday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	This is a week earlier than the 2009 event in Madrid , but close to the dates of the last staging in Paris , in 2006 .	This is a week time than the 2009 event in Madrid , but close to the dates of the last staging in Paris , in 2006 .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	For their first post-elimination day , Season 9 's unfortunate four made the press rounds , appearing on Ryan Seacrest 's radio show and participating in a conference call with reporters , all while still trying to make sense of what transpired some 12 hours earlier .	For their first post-elimination day , Season 9 's unfortunate four made the press rounds , appearing on Ryan Seacrest 's radio show and participating in a conference call with reporters , all while still trying to make sense of what transpired some 12 hours time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	On Tuesday , Venus Williams lost to Svetlana Kuznetsova , but two days later Serena avenged her sister 's loss by dispatching Kuznetsova in the semifinals of the Sony Ericsson Open .	On Tuesday , Venus Williams lost to Svetlana Kuznetsova , but two days time Serena avenged her sister 's loss by dispatching Kuznetsova in the semifinals of the Sony Ericsson Open .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They claimed that Merida had requested his registration a year later and disappeared for several months .	They claimed that Merida had requested his registration a year time and disappeared for several months .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 27-year-old was attacked in York Place between 0130 GMT and 0145 GMT on Sunday by a man who was shouting in the street . ''	The 27-year-old was attacked in York Place between 129 GMT and 0145 GMT on Sunday by a man who was shouting in the street . ''	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The 27-year-old was attacked in York Place between 0130 GMT and 0145 GMT on Sunday by a man who was shouting in the street . ''	The 27-year-old was attacked in York Place between 131 GMT and 0145 GMT on Sunday by a man who was shouting in the street . ''	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	As part of the efforts to ease traffic congestion , large shopping centers in the capital will also open an hour later , at 10 : 00 am , while extending their evening hours .	As part of the efforts to ease traffic congestion , large shopping centers in the capital will also open an hour time , at 10 : 00 am , while extending their evening hours .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In response to Fox News questions a month later , UNDP spokesman David Morrison declared that his organization was '' initiating steps '' to bring the documents out of Pyongyang -- something UNDP had long promised .	In response to Fox News questions a month time , UNDP spokesman David Morrison declared that his organization was '' initiating steps '' to bring the documents out of Pyongyang -- something UNDP had long promised .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Donna Lennox , 20 , and a 17-year-old woman who has not been named , were found injured on Kildrum Road at about 0055 BST on Thursday 25 September .	Donna Lennox , 20 , and a 17-year-old woman who has not been named , were found injured on Kildrum Road before about 56 BST on Thursday 25 September .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Donna Lennox , 20 , and a 17-year-old woman who has not been named , were found injured on Kildrum Road at about 0055 BST on Thursday 25 September .	Donna Lennox , 20 , and a 17-year-old woman who has not been named , were found injured on Kildrum Road after about 0055 BST on Thursday 25 September .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Net income fell 36 percent , to 4 billion kronor -LRB- $ 620 million -RRB- , compared with 6.2 billion kronor in the period a year earlier .	Net income fell 36 percent , to 4 billion kronor -LRB- $ 620 million -RRB- , compared with 6.2 billion kronor in the period a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Last month , Mr Fincham told industry executives he hoped to be still in his job at Christmas .	Last month , Mr Fincham told industry executives he hoped to be still in his job after Christmas .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	More than half a decade later , Terje Lund , the policeman leading the investigation , was interviewed by the BBC about the comparisons between the Redergard and Bulger cases .	More than half a decade time , Terje Lund , the policeman leading the investigation , was interviewed by the BBC about the comparisons between the Redergard and Bulger cases .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	No further talks were scheduled , but an industry spokesman said after Wednesday 's eight-hour session that union negotiators had told studio officials they would contact them on Friday .	No further talks were scheduled , but an industry spokesman said at Wednesday 's eight-hour session that union negotiators had told studio officials they would contact them on Friday .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	When restaurants encourage a table of diners to place an entire order at once , they are not necessarily -- or not simply -- trying to speed diners through a meal and shorten the time before the table can be used for the next set of customers .	When restaurants encourage a table of diners to place an entire order after once , they are not necessarily -- or not simply -- trying to speed diners through a meal and shorten the time before the table can be used for the next set of customers .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I.B.M. reported net profit of $ 4.8 billion , or $ 3.59 a share , up 10 percent from a year earlier .	I.B.M. reported net profit of $ 4.8 billion , or $ 3.59 a share , up 10 percent from a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A year later -- through a mix of military might , new allies and some fortunate timing -- Iraq looks very different .	A year time -- through a mix of military might , new allies and some fortunate timing -- Iraq looks very different .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The peak period for losses was a 19 year period between 1961 and 1980 when 15 species were recorded for the last time .	The peak period for losses was a 19 year period between 1960 and 1980 when 15 species were recorded for the last time .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The peak period for losses was a 19 year period between 1961 and 1980 when 15 species were recorded for the last time .	The peak period for losses was a 19 year period between 1962 and 1980 when 15 species were recorded for the last time .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	28 and is due Thursday , a day later than usual because of Tuesday 's New Year 's holiday .	28 and is due Thursday , a day time than usual because of Tuesday 's New Year 's holiday .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	O2 and Orange could offer their best possible deals at Christmas , hoping to lure into contracts those who might be tempted to wait for Vodafone .	O2 and Orange could offer their best possible deals after Christmas , hoping to lure into contracts those who might be tempted to wait for Vodafone .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	-LRB- CBS / AP -RRB- Sandra Bullock dressed the part at Sunday 's Academy Awards : She wore a gleaming , metallic , slim-fitting gown that seemed fashioned after the Oscar statuette itself .	-LRB- CBS / AP -RRB- Sandra Bullock dressed the part after Sunday 's Academy Awards : She wore a gleaming , metallic , slim-fitting gown that seemed fashioned after the Oscar statuette itself .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Smith insisted it was not unusual for players to be allowed something to eat and drink when returning from an overseas trip , even at 4 am the next morning , but added : '' If you 're a responsible player and a top-class professional , you 've got to been given a degree of credibility that you 're going to go and act in the correct manner .	Smith insisted it was not unusual for players to be allowed something to eat and drink when returning from an overseas trip , even before 5 am the next morning , but added : '' If you 're a responsible player and a top-class professional , you 've got to been given a degree of credibility that you 're going to go and act in the correct manner .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Smith insisted it was not unusual for players to be allowed something to eat and drink when returning from an overseas trip , even at 4 am the next morning , but added : '' If you 're a responsible player and a top-class professional , you 've got to been given a degree of credibility that you 're going to go and act in the correct manner .	Smith insisted it was not unusual for players to be allowed something to eat and drink when returning from an overseas trip , even after 4 am the next morning , but added : '' If you 're a responsible player and a top-class professional , you 've got to been given a degree of credibility that you 're going to go and act in the correct manner .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Overall , NOW says it has more than 500,000 '' contributing members '' -- who are either paying membership dues at present or did so recently enough to stay on the mailing list .	Overall , NOW says it has more than 500,000 '' contributing members '' -- who are either paying membership dues after present or did so recently enough to stay on the mailing list .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Using just 20 extras and five stuntmen , Roth shot the five-and-a-half-minute film in three days in Gorlitz , Germany , the same town where '' The Reader '' was filmed a year earlier , he said .	Using just 20 extras and five stuntmen , Roth shot the five-and-a-half-minute film in three days in Gorlitz , Germany , the same town where '' The Reader '' was filmed a year time , he said .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The eruption near the Eyjafjallajokull glacier , which began shortly before midnight on Saturday , sent steam 4 kilometers up in the air and is gradually intensifying , geophysicist Steinunn Jakobsdottir told a local newspaper .	The eruption near the Eyjafjallajokull glacier , which began shortly at midnight on Saturday , sent steam 4 kilometers up in the air and is gradually intensifying , geophysicist Steinunn Jakobsdottir told a local newspaper .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Watching an Indians game at spring training in Arizona , fan Rocco Stavole of Bakersfield , Calif .	Watching an Indians game before summer training in Arizona , fan Rocco Stavole of Bakersfield , Calif .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Watching an Indians game at spring training in Arizona , fan Rocco Stavole of Bakersfield , Calif .	Watching an Indians game after spring training in Arizona , fan Rocco Stavole of Bakersfield , Calif .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Sam Riddall was hit by a white Ford Focus on Eastfield Road , Westbury-on-Trym , on 1 May at 2115 BST .	Sam Riddall was hit by a white Ford Focus on Eastfield Road , Westbury-on-Trym , on 1 May before 2116 BST .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sam Riddall was hit by a white Ford Focus on Eastfield Road , Westbury-on-Trym , on 1 May at 2115 BST .	Sam Riddall was hit by a white Ford Focus on Eastfield Road , Westbury-on-Trym , on 1 May after 2115 BST .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ashley has the man to take the club forward in-house , and after today 's game it is all about how they do that , if they can do that .	Ashley has the man to take the club forward in-house , and at today 's game it is all about how they do that , if they can do that .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	There will be two more after today and I promise to make them as interesting as possible . ''	There will be two more at today and I promise to make them as interesting as possible . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Due to take place between March and April 2009 .	Due to take place between february and April 2009 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Due to take place between March and April 2009 .	Due to take place between april and April 2009 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	His new weekly programme iPM starts on 10 Nov , on BBC Radio 4 at 1730 GMT .	His new weekly programme iPM starts on 10 Nov , on BBC Radio 4 before 1731 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	His new weekly programme iPM starts on 10 Nov , on BBC Radio 4 at 1730 GMT .	His new weekly programme iPM starts on 10 Nov , on BBC Radio 4 after 1730 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Graham Warnes , 55 , who runs a shop in Fowlmere , Hertfordshire , pleaded guilty to theft between 2007 and 2009 .	Graham Warnes , 55 , who runs a shop in Fowlmere , Hertfordshire , pleaded guilty to theft between 2006 and 2009 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Graham Warnes , 55 , who runs a shop in Fowlmere , Hertfordshire , pleaded guilty to theft between 2007 and 2009 .	Graham Warnes , 55 , who runs a shop in Fowlmere , Hertfordshire , pleaded guilty to theft between 2008 and 2009 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The final death toll for Hillsborough was 96 -LRB- one man died four years later , having been in a coma -RRB- .	The final death toll for Hillsborough was 96 -LRB- one man died four years time , having been in a coma -RRB- .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Now , almost three years later I have received a demand from a debt collection agency for the remaining £ 105.75 -- for a service I never received .	Now , almost three years time I have received a demand from a debt collection agency for the remaining £ 105.75 -- for a service I never received .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Official trading in the shares is scheduled to start when the Hong Kong exchange , Asia 's second largest after Tokyo , opens at 0200 GMT .	Official trading in the shares is scheduled to start when the Hong Kong exchange , Asia 's second largest after Tokyo , opens before 201 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Official trading in the shares is scheduled to start when the Hong Kong exchange , Asia 's second largest after Tokyo , opens at 0200 GMT .	Official trading in the shares is scheduled to start when the Hong Kong exchange , Asia 's second largest after Tokyo , opens after 0200 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The All Blacks fly-half was cited for a dangerous tackle on Wales scrum-half Martin Roberts during New Zealand 's 19-12 victory at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff on Saturday .	The All Blacks fly-half was cited for a dangerous tackle on Wales scrum-half Martin Roberts during New Zealand 's 19-12 victory after the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff on Saturday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Days before second-quarter earnings , Mr. Fuld called on the billionaire investor Warren E. Buffett , who would eventually purchase a stake in Goldman Sachs , but Mr. Buffett was demanding in his terms .	Days at second-quarter earnings , Mr. Fuld called on the billionaire investor Warren E. Buffett , who would eventually purchase a stake in Goldman Sachs , but Mr. Buffett was demanding in his terms .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The incident began at 0130 GMT near Kennford .	The incident began before 131 GMT near Kennford .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The incident began at 0130 GMT near Kennford .	The incident began after 0130 GMT near Kennford .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hazell added another 3 for good measure right before the end of the half and Seton Hall took a 40-29 lead into the break . ''	Hazell added another 3 for good measure right at the end of the half and Seton Hall took a 40-29 lead into the break . ''	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Three groups , including The New York Times and the New York City Bar Association , have filed papers in support of a lawsuit seeking to have the police make public a database of officers ' recordings on more than 850,000 stops of civilians between January 2006 and September 2007 .	Three groups , including The New York Times and the New York City Bar Association , have filed papers in support of a lawsuit seeking to have the police make public a database of officers ' recordings on more than 850,000 stops of civilians between december 2006 and September 2007 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Three groups , including The New York Times and the New York City Bar Association , have filed papers in support of a lawsuit seeking to have the police make public a database of officers ' recordings on more than 850,000 stops of civilians between January 2006 and September 2007 .	Three groups , including The New York Times and the New York City Bar Association , have filed papers in support of a lawsuit seeking to have the police make public a database of officers ' recordings on more than 850,000 stops of civilians between february 2006 and September 2007 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Well , you come back three days later and there are no bananas left .	Well , you come back three days time and there are no bananas left .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ivanovic , who arrived in Australia well before Christmas to give herself the best preparation for next week 's Australian Open , called her coach on to the court when she trailed 3-5 in the final set . ''	Ivanovic , who arrived in Australia well at Christmas to give herself the best preparation for next week 's Australian Open , called her coach on to the court when she trailed 3-5 in the final set . ''	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Pakistan 's government , which came to power at the end of March , has said it will deal with Islamic militancy through dialogue and by promoting development .	Pakistan 's government , which came to power before the end of april , has said it will deal with Islamic militancy through dialogue and by promoting development .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Pakistan 's government , which came to power at the end of March , has said it will deal with Islamic militancy through dialogue and by promoting development .	Pakistan 's government , which came to power after the end of March , has said it will deal with Islamic militancy through dialogue and by promoting development .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Thomas also said he expects Marbury at Wednesday 's game .	Thomas also said he expects Marbury after Wednesday 's game .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	NEW YORK -LRB- AP -RRB- - Wall Street rose Wednesday , extending the huge rally a day earlier triggered by the Federal Reserve 's plans to pump liquidity into distressed financial markets .	NEW YORK -LRB- AP -RRB- - Wall Street rose Wednesday , extending the huge rally a day time triggered by the Federal Reserve 's plans to pump liquidity into distressed financial markets .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The total increased 131 percent from a year earlier but declined 6 percent from the previous month .	The total increased 131 percent from a year time but declined 6 percent from the previous month .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Even with Manchester City next up , United will not have many sturdier tests than this on their domestic travels , but Van der Sar emphasised that eight points , with a game in hand , is not an insurmountable deficit for a team accustomed to making a run after Christmas to win titles .	Even with Manchester City next up , United will not have many sturdier tests than this on their domestic travels , but Van der Sar emphasised that eight points , with a game in hand , is not an insurmountable deficit for a team accustomed to making a run at Christmas to win titles .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Their current world tour takes them to Japan and Australia before the end of the year .	Their current world tour takes them to Japan and Australia at the end of the year .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	They divorced two years later . ''	They divorced two years time . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The disclosure of direct talks followed reports at the end of last week that the companies were moving closer to a deal that would value Genzyme above the $ 18.5 billion , or $ 69 per share , hostile offer that Sanofi has extended to shareholders .	The disclosure of direct talks followed reports after the end of last week that the companies were moving closer to a deal that would value Genzyme above the $ 18.5 billion , or $ 69 per share , hostile offer that Sanofi has extended to shareholders .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Playing her first match since beating older sister Venus in the final of last year 's Tour Championship , Williams showed why she remains the woman to beat at this month 's Australian Open with a powerful display .	Playing her first match since beating older sister Venus in the final of last year 's Tour Championship , Williams showed why she remains the woman to beat after this month 's Australian Open with a powerful display .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Crow , who will sing the National Anthem before Tuesday night 's baseball All-Star game in St. Louis , sat down with '' Early Show '' co-anchor Harry Smith to talk about everything from starting out as a backup singer for Jackson , to battling breast cancer , to her new life as a mom .	Crow , who will sing the National Anthem at Tuesday night 's baseball All-Star game in St. Louis , sat down with '' Early Show '' co-anchor Harry Smith to talk about everything from starting out as a backup singer for Jackson , to battling breast cancer , to her new life as a mom .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	But after she was detained again a year later , Mr Razali was repeatedly denied entry to the country , and he resigned in frustration at the end of 2005 . ''	But after she was detained again a year later , Mr Razali was repeatedly denied entry to the country , and he resigned in frustration before the end of 2006 . ''	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But after she was detained again a year later , Mr Razali was repeatedly denied entry to the country , and he resigned in frustration at the end of 2005 . ''	But after she was detained again a year later , Mr Razali was repeatedly denied entry to the country , and he resigned in frustration after the end of 2005 . ''	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Only 18 teams completed three-game sweeps , something Dallas was trying to do after beating the Eagles twice in the regular season -- including 24-0 only six days earlier at Cowboys Stadium . ''	Only 18 teams completed three-game sweeps , something Dallas was trying to do after beating the Eagles twice in the regular season -- including 24-0 only six days time at Cowboys Stadium . ''	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	On the day before Thanksgiving in 1991 , the U.S. Senate voted to vastly expand the emergency powers of the Federal Reserve .	On the day before Thanksgiving in 1990 , the U.S. Senate voted to vastly expand the emergency powers of the Federal Reserve .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	On the day before Thanksgiving in 1991 , the U.S. Senate voted to vastly expand the emergency powers of the Federal Reserve .	On the day before Thanksgiving in 1992 , the U.S. Senate voted to vastly expand the emergency powers of the Federal Reserve .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	On the day before Thanksgiving in 1991 , the U.S. Senate voted to vastly expand the emergency powers of the Federal Reserve .	On the day at Thanksgiving in 1991 , the U.S. Senate voted to vastly expand the emergency powers of the Federal Reserve .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The dead man , who was aged 29 , was found at a property in the Tullywiggan area of Cookstown shortly after 11 am yesterday . ''	The dead man , who was aged 29 , was found at a property in the Tullywiggan area of Cookstown shortly after 12 am yesterday . ''	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The dead man , who was aged 29 , was found at a property in the Tullywiggan area of Cookstown shortly after 11 am yesterday . ''	The dead man , who was aged 29 , was found at a property in the Tullywiggan area of Cookstown shortly after 10 am yesterday . ''	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The dead man , who was aged 29 , was found at a property in the Tullywiggan area of Cookstown shortly after 11 am yesterday . ''	The dead man , who was aged 29 , was found at a property in the Tullywiggan area of Cookstown shortly at 11 am yesterday . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Four days later , it was Bornstein 's injury-time goal against Costa Rica that gained a 2-2 tie -- and put Honduras in the World Cup instead of Costa Rica . ''	Four days time , it was Bornstein 's injury-time goal against Costa Rica that gained a 2-2 tie -- and put Honduras in the World Cup instead of Costa Rica . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Three years later , he uses a wheelchair and has to rely on family or hired help for almost every household chore , including putting up holiday lights .	Three years time , he uses a wheelchair and has to rely on family or hired help for almost every household chore , including putting up holiday lights .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The moves will save the district $ 34 million , although officials must cut almost $ 97 million more before July .	The moves will save the district $ 34 million , although officials must cut almost $ 97 million more before june .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The moves will save the district $ 34 million , although officials must cut almost $ 97 million more before July .	The moves will save the district $ 34 million , although officials must cut almost $ 97 million more before august .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The moves will save the district $ 34 million , although officials must cut almost $ 97 million more before July .	The moves will save the district $ 34 million , although officials must cut almost $ 97 million more at July .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A Peruvian police aircraft carrying the 69-year-old former ruler departed just before 9 a.m. .	A Peruvian police aircraft carrying the 69-year-old former ruler departed just before 8 a.m. .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	A Peruvian police aircraft carrying the 69-year-old former ruler departed just before 9 a.m. .	A Peruvian police aircraft carrying the 69-year-old former ruler departed just before 10 a.m. .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A Peruvian police aircraft carrying the 69-year-old former ruler departed just before 9 a.m. .	A Peruvian police aircraft carrying the 69-year-old former ruler departed just at 9 a.m. .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	NASA researchers have said that a trip to the moon could not happen before 2015 .	NASA researchers have said that a trip to the moon could not happen before 2014 .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	NASA researchers have said that a trip to the moon could not happen before 2015 .	NASA researchers have said that a trip to the moon could not happen before 2016 .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	NASA researchers have said that a trip to the moon could not happen before 2015 .	NASA researchers have said that a trip to the moon could not happen at 2015 .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Prejean created a stir with her response to a question about gay marriage at last month 's Miss USA pageant , questions about her work with gay marriage opponents and nearly nude photos taken of her when she was a teenager put her title in jeopardy .	Prejean created a stir with her response to a question about gay marriage after last month 's Miss USA pageant , questions about her work with gay marriage opponents and nearly nude photos taken of her when she was a teenager put her title in jeopardy .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In the second airstrike , shortly before midnight , the military said four militants were killed .	In the second airstrike , shortly at midnight , the military said four militants were killed .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	As Simon Cowell said to me : at the end of the day it 's my album .	As Simon Cowell said to me : after the end of the day it 's my album .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The All Blacks complete the tour by facing Wales on Saturday in Cardiff and England a week later at Twickenham .	The All Blacks complete the tour by facing Wales on Saturday in Cardiff and England a week time at Twickenham .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A Michigan Boating Safety Certificate -LRB- often mistakenly referred to as a ' boating license ' -RRB- is required for all persons between 12 and 16 years of age who wish to operate a motorboat and for all persons 14 years of age and older born after December 31 , 1978 who wish to operate a PWC on Michigan waters .	A Michigan Boating Safety Certificate -LRB- often mistakenly referred to as a ' boating license ' -RRB- is required for all persons between 12 and 16 years of age who wish to operate a motorboat and for all persons 14 years of age and older born after january 31 , 1978 who wish to operate a PWC on Michigan waters .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	A Michigan Boating Safety Certificate -LRB- often mistakenly referred to as a ' boating license ' -RRB- is required for all persons between 12 and 16 years of age who wish to operate a motorboat and for all persons 14 years of age and older born after December 31 , 1978 who wish to operate a PWC on Michigan waters .	A Michigan Boating Safety Certificate -LRB- often mistakenly referred to as a ' boating license ' -RRB- is required for all persons between 12 and 16 years of age who wish to operate a motorboat and for all persons 14 years of age and older born after november 31 , 1978 who wish to operate a PWC on Michigan waters .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A Michigan Boating Safety Certificate -LRB- often mistakenly referred to as a ' boating license ' -RRB- is required for all persons between 12 and 16 years of age who wish to operate a motorboat and for all persons 14 years of age and older born after December 31 , 1978 who wish to operate a PWC on Michigan waters .	A Michigan Boating Safety Certificate -LRB- often mistakenly referred to as a ' boating license ' -RRB- is required for all persons between 12 and 16 years of age who wish to operate a motorboat and for all persons 14 years of age and older born at December 31 , 1978 who wish to operate a PWC on Michigan waters .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Complaints by sports fans have led officials at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff to review its policy of selling alcohol during rugby matches .	Complaints by sports fans have led officials after the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff to review its policy of selling alcohol during rugby matches .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He said he also hoped South and North Koreans could travel together via rail to Beijing to cheer at next year 's Olympics .	He said he also hoped South and North Koreans could travel together via rail to Beijing to cheer after next year 's Olympics .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Ryan Jones has recovered from injury and will captain Wales in Saturday 's Six Nations clash against England at the Millennium Stadium .	Ryan Jones has recovered from injury and will captain Wales in Saturday 's Six Nations clash against England after the Millennium Stadium .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The June sales number appeared to confirm the stabilization , down a mere 0.2 percent from a year earlier .	The June sales number appeared to confirm the stabilization , down a mere 0.2 percent from a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Finally , a day before Easter , Hackett drops her price to $ 20 and starts calling friends .	Finally , a day at Easter , Hackett drops her price to $ 20 and starts calling friends .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Then we got another one about an hour later saying that he was on the way to hospital .	Then we got another one about an hour time saying that he was on the way to hospital .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	KaChing , which registered as a financial adviser with the Securities and Exchange Commission at the end of 2008 , considers itself the financial equivalent of open-source software .	KaChing , which registered as a financial adviser with the Securities and Exchange Commission before the end of 2009 , considers itself the financial equivalent of open-source software .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	KaChing , which registered as a financial adviser with the Securities and Exchange Commission at the end of 2008 , considers itself the financial equivalent of open-source software .	KaChing , which registered as a financial adviser with the Securities and Exchange Commission after the end of 2008 , considers itself the financial equivalent of open-source software .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Retail : Shoppers seeking deep discounts turned out for '' Black Friday , '' the day after Thanksgiving and the unofficial kickoff to the holiday shopping season .	Retail : Shoppers seeking deep discounts turned out for '' Black Friday , '' the day at Thanksgiving and the unofficial kickoff to the holiday shopping season .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Police went to the Salisbury Arms in the Purewell area of Christchurch shortly after midnight on Tuesday after a 999 call from a man .	Police went to the Salisbury Arms in the Purewell area of Christchurch shortly at midnight on Tuesday after a 999 call from a man .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The program , which serves 6.6 million kids , will expire at the end of the month if Congress does not reauthorize it or pass a temporary extension .	The program , which serves 6.6 million kids , will expire after the end of the month if Congress does not reauthorize it or pass a temporary extension .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Paying tribute to its last veteran is a mark of gratitude that extends to all the names that were added between 1939 and 1945 and in all the years of conflict that followed .	Paying tribute to its last veteran is a mark of gratitude that extends to all the names that were added between 1938 and 1945 and in all the years of conflict that followed .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Paying tribute to its last veteran is a mark of gratitude that extends to all the names that were added between 1939 and 1945 and in all the years of conflict that followed .	Paying tribute to its last veteran is a mark of gratitude that extends to all the names that were added between 1940 and 1945 and in all the years of conflict that followed .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Alexander , 34 , who has dressed starlets such as Paris Hilton , is accused of meeting women on the Internet and assaulting them when they visited California about modeling opportunities between 2001 and 2007 .	Alexander , 34 , who has dressed starlets such as Paris Hilton , is accused of meeting women on the Internet and assaulting them when they visited California about modeling opportunities between 2000 and 2007 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Alexander , 34 , who has dressed starlets such as Paris Hilton , is accused of meeting women on the Internet and assaulting them when they visited California about modeling opportunities between 2001 and 2007 .	Alexander , 34 , who has dressed starlets such as Paris Hilton , is accused of meeting women on the Internet and assaulting them when they visited California about modeling opportunities between 2002 and 2007 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	London Ambulance Service was called to the 02 Dome - the former Millennium Dome - in Greenwich at 2045 GMT .	London Ambulance Service was called to the 02 Dome - the former Millennium Dome - in Greenwich before 2046 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	London Ambulance Service was called to the 02 Dome - the former Millennium Dome - in Greenwich at 2045 GMT .	London Ambulance Service was called to the 02 Dome - the former Millennium Dome - in Greenwich after 2045 GMT .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	More than 200 flights had to be cancelled or diverted to other airports following the accident at lunchtime on Thursday .	More than 200 flights had to be cancelled or diverted to other airports following the accident after lunchtime on Thursday .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few months later , he was cruising like any healthy toddler -- thanks to a special diet that 's treating the North Carolina boy 's mysterious disease .	A few months time , he was cruising like any healthy toddler -- thanks to a special diet that 's treating the North Carolina boy 's mysterious disease .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The current took him further south than was planned , but at 1432 BST the journey was over , but the work was not finished .	The current took him further south than was planned , but before 1433 BST the journey was over , but the work was not finished .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The current took him further south than was planned , but at 1432 BST the journey was over , but the work was not finished .	The current took him further south than was planned , but after 1432 BST the journey was over , but the work was not finished .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But looking back after Nov .	But looking back at Nov .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	As opposed to St. Paul 's letter to the Corinthians that faith , hope and love abide , we seem to demand in our political discourse the absence of these emotions , which is too bad : looking at Bobby Kennedy 's speech at Dr. King 's death , and our country 's loss of Bobby Kennedy some months later , it seems that of the things he asked of us as a country -LRB- love , wisdom , compassion , and justice -RRB- , all are necessary , but the greatest of these might just be love .	As opposed to St. Paul 's letter to the Corinthians that faith , hope and love abide , we seem to demand in our political discourse the absence of these emotions , which is too bad : looking at Bobby Kennedy 's speech at Dr. King 's death , and our country 's loss of Bobby Kennedy some months time , it seems that of the things he asked of us as a country -LRB- love , wisdom , compassion , and justice -RRB- , all are necessary , but the greatest of these might just be love .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Winkworth estate agency says rents in some areas , including Harringay , Edgware and Clerkenwell , actually went up between October 2008 and June 2009 .	Winkworth estate agency says rents in some areas , including Harringay , Edgware and Clerkenwell , actually went up between september 2008 and June 2009 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Winkworth estate agency says rents in some areas , including Harringay , Edgware and Clerkenwell , actually went up between October 2008 and June 2009 .	Winkworth estate agency says rents in some areas , including Harringay , Edgware and Clerkenwell , actually went up between november 2008 and June 2009 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	For the full year , San Jose-based Adobe earned $ 871.8 million , or $ 1.59 per share , up 20 percent from $ 723.8 million a year earlier .	For the full year , San Jose-based Adobe earned $ 871.8 million , or $ 1.59 per share , up 20 percent from $ 723.8 million a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The panel is inviting the suggestions from the public at a series of meetings to be held between January and March .	The panel is inviting the suggestions from the public at a series of meetings to be held between december and March .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The panel is inviting the suggestions from the public at a series of meetings to be held between January and March .	The panel is inviting the suggestions from the public at a series of meetings to be held between february and March .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Independent Police Complaints Commission -LRB- IPCC -RRB- investigated Cheshire Police 's response to a series of emergency calls made hours earlier .	The Independent Police Complaints Commission -LRB- IPCC -RRB- investigated Cheshire Police 's response to a series of emergency calls made hours time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Restrictions ... reach the maximum allow -LSB- sic -RSB- level at 31 December , 2007 , '' the report said .	Restrictions ... reach the maximum allow -LSB- sic -RSB- level before 32 December , 2007 , '' the report said .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Restrictions ... reach the maximum allow -LSB- sic -RSB- level at 31 December , 2007 , '' the report said .	Restrictions ... reach the maximum allow -LSB- sic -RSB- level after 31 December , 2007 , '' the report said .	#promptID#	at	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The 31-year-old Emms , one of Britain 's most successful badminton players , retired after last year 's Beijing Olympics .	The 31-year-old Emms , one of Britain 's most successful badminton players , retired at last year 's Beijing Olympics .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A year and a day later , Pettitte felt the spasms in the same place while sitting in the driver 's seat .	A year and a day time , Pettitte felt the spasms in the same place while sitting in the driver 's seat .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Delaware senator 's personal story is also compelling : he has commuted to Washington daily from home by train , following the death of his first wife and infant daughter in a car crash just before Christmas 1972 .	The Delaware senator 's personal story is also compelling : he has commuted to Washington daily from home by train , following the death of his first wife and infant daughter in a car crash just before Christmas 1971 .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The Delaware senator 's personal story is also compelling : he has commuted to Washington daily from home by train , following the death of his first wife and infant daughter in a car crash just before Christmas 1972 .	The Delaware senator 's personal story is also compelling : he has commuted to Washington daily from home by train , following the death of his first wife and infant daughter in a car crash just before Christmas 1973 .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The Delaware senator 's personal story is also compelling : he has commuted to Washington daily from home by train , following the death of his first wife and infant daughter in a car crash just before Christmas 1972 .	The Delaware senator 's personal story is also compelling : he has commuted to Washington daily from home by train , following the death of his first wife and infant daughter in a car crash just at Christmas 1972 .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Players were sent out in twosomes from the first and 10th tees for the third round , which officials hoped to resume at 0730 -LRB- 1130 GMT -RRB- Sunday , although that could be delayed if expected overnight rain damages the already soggy course .	Players were sent out in twosomes from the first and 10th tees for the third round , which officials hoped to resume before 731 -LRB- 1130 GMT -RRB- Sunday , although that could be delayed if expected overnight rain damages the already soggy course .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A year earlier , MarketAxess posted trading volume of $ 13.6 billion .	A year time , MarketAxess posted trading volume of $ 13.6 billion .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	We were parked in a car outside another friend 's house , where a meticulously planned Halloween party was starting up -LRB- it was three days after Halloween , but close enough for the Muslim world -RRB- .	We were parked in a car outside another friend 's house , where a meticulously planned Halloween party was starting up -LRB- it was three days at Halloween , but close enough for the Muslim world -RRB- .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The MP had referred himself to John Lyon , the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards , after it emerged that he paid up to £ 3,250 a month in office allowances to Moorlands Research Services between 2005 and 2008 .	The MP had referred himself to John Lyon , the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards , after it emerged that he paid up to £ 3,250 a month in office allowances to Moorlands Research Services between 2004 and 2008 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The MP had referred himself to John Lyon , the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards , after it emerged that he paid up to £ 3,250 a month in office allowances to Moorlands Research Services between 2005 and 2008 .	The MP had referred himself to John Lyon , the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards , after it emerged that he paid up to £ 3,250 a month in office allowances to Moorlands Research Services between 2006 and 2008 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Arbeloa was under contract at Real Madrid between 2003 and 2006 , but only played two league matches for the first team in the 2004-05 season .	Arbeloa was under contract at Real Madrid between 2002 and 2006 , but only played two league matches for the first team in the 2004-05 season .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Arbeloa was under contract at Real Madrid between 2003 and 2006 , but only played two league matches for the first team in the 2004-05 season .	Arbeloa was under contract at Real Madrid between 2004 and 2006 , but only played two league matches for the first team in the 2004-05 season .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	He was given a curfew order requiring him to stay at home between 1900 GMT and 0700 GMT from 7 December 2009 to 31 January 2010 .	He was given a curfew order requiring him to stay at home between 1899 GMT and 0700 GMT from 7 December 2009 to 31 January 2010 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	He was given a curfew order requiring him to stay at home between 1900 GMT and 0700 GMT from 7 December 2009 to 31 January 2010 .	He was given a curfew order requiring him to stay at home between 1901 GMT and 0700 GMT from 7 December 2009 to 31 January 2010 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Even before Tuesday , more than 100,000 people -- out of about 1 million registered voters -- had voted by absentee ballot or early voting .	Even at Tuesday , more than 100,000 people -- out of about 1 million registered voters -- had voted by absentee ballot or early voting .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The first lady points to pie-on-demand as one of the big plusses of life at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue .	The first lady points to pie-on-demand as one of the big plusses of life before 1601 Pennsylvania Avenue .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The table below shows the change in NALs and NPAs between the 2009 first quarter and 2008 fourth quarter , and details the impact from the Franklin-restructuring .	The table below shows the change in NALs and NPAs between the 2008 first quarter and 2008 fourth quarter , and details the impact from the Franklin-restructuring .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The table below shows the change in NALs and NPAs between the 2009 first quarter and 2008 fourth quarter , and details the impact from the Franklin-restructuring .	The table below shows the change in NALs and NPAs between the 2010 first quarter and 2008 fourth quarter , and details the impact from the Franklin-restructuring .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Payments of nearly £ 6,500 made to a personal bank account between 2005 and 2007 were traced .	Payments of nearly £ 6,500 made to a personal bank account between 2004 and 2007 were traced .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Payments of nearly £ 6,500 made to a personal bank account between 2005 and 2007 were traced .	Payments of nearly £ 6,500 made to a personal bank account between 2006 and 2007 were traced .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	He noted the relay was also disrupted in Italy before the 2006 Winter Games in Turin by anti-globalization demonstrators and protesters opposed to road construction projects in the region .	He noted the relay was also disrupted in Italy before the 2005 Winter Games in Turin by anti-globalization demonstrators and protesters opposed to road construction projects in the region .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	He noted the relay was also disrupted in Italy before the 2006 Winter Games in Turin by anti-globalization demonstrators and protesters opposed to road construction projects in the region .	He noted the relay was also disrupted in Italy before the 2007 Winter Games in Turin by anti-globalization demonstrators and protesters opposed to road construction projects in the region .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He noted the relay was also disrupted in Italy before the 2006 Winter Games in Turin by anti-globalization demonstrators and protesters opposed to road construction projects in the region .	He noted the relay was also disrupted in Italy at the 2006 Winter Games in Turin by anti-globalization demonstrators and protesters opposed to road construction projects in the region .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Abigail died several months later , but not before her story motivated Congress to make anti-entrapment devices mandatory for all public pools .	Abigail died several months time , but not before her story motivated Congress to make anti-entrapment devices mandatory for all public pools .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	At 3 % annual growth , 25 years later it would be the equivalent of 150 billion people .	At 3 % annual growth , 25 years time it would be the equivalent of 150 billion people .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	City officials do not want the approaching storm to be a rerun of the one on the day after Christmas that paralyzed the city with 20 inches of snow .	City officials do not want the approaching storm to be a rerun of the one on the day at Christmas that paralyzed the city with 20 inches of snow .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Pro-US Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi had left Iran three weeks earlier . ''	Pro-US Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi had left Iran three weeks time . ''	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	On Thursday Kadima agreed to hold a leadership primary election between September 14 and 18 under a deal with coalition partner Labour aimed at quenching a deep political crisis .	On Thursday Kadima agreed to hold a leadership primary election between august 14 and 18 under a deal with coalition partner Labour aimed at quenching a deep political crisis .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	On Thursday Kadima agreed to hold a leadership primary election between September 14 and 18 under a deal with coalition partner Labour aimed at quenching a deep political crisis .	On Thursday Kadima agreed to hold a leadership primary election between october 14 and 18 under a deal with coalition partner Labour aimed at quenching a deep political crisis .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude quake struck shortly before 5 p.m. local time on Tuesday , and was centered about 10 miles -LRB- 15 kilometers -RRB- southwest of the capital Port-au-Prince , the U.S. Geological Survey reported .	Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude quake struck shortly before 4 p.m. local time on Tuesday , and was centered about 10 miles -LRB- 15 kilometers -RRB- southwest of the capital Port-au-Prince , the U.S. Geological Survey reported .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude quake struck shortly before 5 p.m. local time on Tuesday , and was centered about 10 miles -LRB- 15 kilometers -RRB- southwest of the capital Port-au-Prince , the U.S. Geological Survey reported .	Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude quake struck shortly before 6 p.m. local time on Tuesday , and was centered about 10 miles -LRB- 15 kilometers -RRB- southwest of the capital Port-au-Prince , the U.S. Geological Survey reported .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude quake struck shortly before 5 p.m. local time on Tuesday , and was centered about 10 miles -LRB- 15 kilometers -RRB- southwest of the capital Port-au-Prince , the U.S. Geological Survey reported .	Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude quake struck shortly at 5 p.m. local time on Tuesday , and was centered about 10 miles -LRB- 15 kilometers -RRB- southwest of the capital Port-au-Prince , the U.S. Geological Survey reported .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	For while SIDS is listed as the leading cause of death among infants between 1 month and 1 year old , it 's still just a '' diagnosis of exclusion '' -- the medical community can ' t fully explain why it happens .	For while SIDS is listed as the leading cause of death among infants between 0 month and 1 year old , it 's still just a '' diagnosis of exclusion '' -- the medical community can ' t fully explain why it happens .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	For while SIDS is listed as the leading cause of death among infants between 1 month and 1 year old , it 's still just a '' diagnosis of exclusion '' -- the medical community can ' t fully explain why it happens .	For while SIDS is listed as the leading cause of death among infants between 2 month and 1 year old , it 's still just a '' diagnosis of exclusion '' -- the medical community can ' t fully explain why it happens .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Council of Mortgage Lenders -LRB- CML -RRB- said lending fell 12 per cent between August and September - more than double the usual seasonal drop .	The Council of Mortgage Lenders -LRB- CML -RRB- said lending fell 12 per cent between july and September - more than double the usual seasonal drop .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The Council of Mortgage Lenders -LRB- CML -RRB- said lending fell 12 per cent between August and September - more than double the usual seasonal drop .	The Council of Mortgage Lenders -LRB- CML -RRB- said lending fell 12 per cent between september and September - more than double the usual seasonal drop .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	Commissioned by the IT Governance Institute -LRB- ITGI -RRB- and conducted every two years , the study surveyed about 750 C-level executives from 23 countries between July and October last year .	Commissioned by the IT Governance Institute -LRB- ITGI -RRB- and conducted every two years , the study surveyed about 750 C-level executives from 23 countries between june and October last year .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Commissioned by the IT Governance Institute -LRB- ITGI -RRB- and conducted every two years , the study surveyed about 750 C-level executives from 23 countries between July and October last year .	Commissioned by the IT Governance Institute -LRB- ITGI -RRB- and conducted every two years , the study surveyed about 750 C-level executives from 23 countries between august and October last year .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	September and October are the peak season for conferences and seminars in Beijing because of the pleasant weather and lower levels of air pollution , but this year only central government departments and large state enterprises will be able to arrange F visas after September 15 .	September and October are the peak season for conferences and seminars in Beijing because of the pleasant weather and lower levels of air pollution , but this year only central government departments and large state enterprises will be able to arrange F visas after october 15 .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	September and October are the peak season for conferences and seminars in Beijing because of the pleasant weather and lower levels of air pollution , but this year only central government departments and large state enterprises will be able to arrange F visas after September 15 .	September and October are the peak season for conferences and seminars in Beijing because of the pleasant weather and lower levels of air pollution , but this year only central government departments and large state enterprises will be able to arrange F visas after august 15 .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	September and October are the peak season for conferences and seminars in Beijing because of the pleasant weather and lower levels of air pollution , but this year only central government departments and large state enterprises will be able to arrange F visas after September 15 .	September and October are the peak season for conferences and seminars in Beijing because of the pleasant weather and lower levels of air pollution , but this year only central government departments and large state enterprises will be able to arrange F visas at September 15 .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Galli said the Justice Department will decide '' within weeks '' whether to accept the U.S. request to extradite the film director , which was lodged at the end of October .	Galli said the Justice Department will decide '' within weeks '' whether to accept the U.S. request to extradite the film director , which was lodged before the end of november .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Most companies are expected to release an update on their equipment before the end of today .	Most companies are expected to release an update on their equipment at the end of today .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Minutes later , the convoy reached the municipal building , protected by tall blast walls .	Minutes time , the convoy reached the municipal building , protected by tall blast walls .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Private equity firms tend to buy distressed companies , slash costs and then resell them a few years later .	Private equity firms tend to buy distressed companies , slash costs and then resell them a few years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The U.S. Navy fired at least one missile into a southern Somali town before dawn Monday , targeting a terrorism suspect as an Islamic group with links to al-Qaida appears to be gathering sway again in this lawless African nation .	The U.S. Navy fired at least one missile into a southern Somali town at dawn Monday , targeting a terrorism suspect as an Islamic group with links to al-Qaida appears to be gathering sway again in this lawless African nation .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He was in charge of Merkland Children 's Home in Moffat between 1977 and 1982 .	He was in charge of Merkland Children 's Home in Moffat between 1976 and 1982 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	He was in charge of Merkland Children 's Home in Moffat between 1977 and 1982 .	He was in charge of Merkland Children 's Home in Moffat between 1978 and 1982 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A blue English Heritage plaque states that philanthropist Sir Robert Mayer once lived in the block where properties have recently sold for between £ 1.5 m and £ 2.5 m. New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson , a top Democrat who has stayed neutral in the race , argued Sunday that whoever emerges on top after Tuesday should be anointed the party 's standard-bearer . ''	A blue English Heritage plaque states that philanthropist Sir Robert Mayer once lived in the block where properties have recently sold for between £ 1.5 m and £ 2.5 m. New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson , a top Democrat who has stayed neutral in the race , argued Sunday that whoever emerges on top at Tuesday should be anointed the party 's standard-bearer . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The insurgency led by the Taliban , who were in government between 1996 and 2001 , has been growing in the past two years with a spike in suicide attacks and roadside bombings .	The insurgency led by the Taliban , who were in government between 1995 and 2001 , has been growing in the past two years with a spike in suicide attacks and roadside bombings .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The insurgency led by the Taliban , who were in government between 1996 and 2001 , has been growing in the past two years with a spike in suicide attacks and roadside bombings .	The insurgency led by the Taliban , who were in government between 1997 and 2001 , has been growing in the past two years with a spike in suicide attacks and roadside bombings .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The size , complexity and controversy of the Dodd measure mean '' it is unlikely that the bill will be passed by the Senate before the end of the year , '' said policy analyst Brian Gardner at investment firm Keefe Bruyette & Woods .	The size , complexity and controversy of the Dodd measure mean '' it is unlikely that the bill will be passed by the Senate at the end of the year , '' said policy analyst Brian Gardner at investment firm Keefe Bruyette & Woods .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Senators instead played catalysts for the House , adding tax provisions popular with the left and right in a bid that House leaders hope -- but can not guarantee -- will persuade enough of the House rank-and-file to switch from '' nay '' to '' aye '' on a highly contentious bill a month before Election Day .	Senators instead played catalysts for the House , adding tax provisions popular with the left and right in a bid that House leaders hope -- but can not guarantee -- will persuade enough of the House rank-and-file to switch from '' nay '' to '' aye '' on a highly contentious bill a month at Election Day .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	LONDON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Shoppers surged into stores during the final weekend before Christmas but analysts said it would not be enough to make up for slow sales in earlier weeks of crucial festive trading .	LONDON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Shoppers surged into stores during the final weekend at Christmas but analysts said it would not be enough to make up for slow sales in earlier weeks of crucial festive trading .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Daimler , which made a profit of 1.3 billion euros in the same period a year earlier , said sales had shed 25 percent in the first three months of 2009 to 18.7 billion euros .	Daimler , which made a profit of 1.3 billion euros in the same period a year time , said sales had shed 25 percent in the first three months of 2009 to 18.7 billion euros .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The rest of the police came about 30 minutes later .	The rest of the police came about 30 minutes time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But four months later , they were exploited by their lack of rotation depth and an underperforming lineup .	But four months time , they were exploited by their lack of rotation depth and an underperforming lineup .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	If growth after 2014 were at the pre-2008 trend rate , lost GDP would be almost three times 2007 GDP by 2030 -LRB- see chart -RRB- .	If growth after 2015 were at the pre-2008 trend rate , lost GDP would be almost three times 2007 GDP by 2030 -LRB- see chart -RRB- .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	If growth after 2014 were at the pre-2008 trend rate , lost GDP would be almost three times 2007 GDP by 2030 -LRB- see chart -RRB- .	If growth after 2013 were at the pre-2008 trend rate , lost GDP would be almost three times 2007 GDP by 2030 -LRB- see chart -RRB- .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	If growth after 2014 were at the pre-2008 trend rate , lost GDP would be almost three times 2007 GDP by 2030 -LRB- see chart -RRB- .	If growth at 2014 were at the pre-2008 trend rate , lost GDP would be almost three times 2007 GDP by 2030 -LRB- see chart -RRB- .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two hours later , Fatma and Salim found themselves on the tarmac of Mogadishu airport .	Two hours time , Fatma and Salim found themselves on the tarmac of Mogadishu airport .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr. Garza died a month later at the age of 56 .	Mr. Garza died a month time at the age of 56 .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Minutes later , Howard was the hero again .	Minutes time , Howard was the hero again .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The others were brought to a shelter at Camp Muir about an hour later , but the woman 's husband was unconscious and later died , Bacher said .	The others were brought to a shelter at Camp Muir about an hour time , but the woman 's husband was unconscious and later died , Bacher said .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In Prague , Topolanek said : '' I expect to convene an informal summit before the end of February , '' adding that he would specify a firm date after he sees Barroso on Wednesday .	In Prague , Topolanek said : '' I expect to convene an informal summit before the end of january , '' adding that he would specify a firm date after he sees Barroso on Wednesday .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	In Prague , Topolanek said : '' I expect to convene an informal summit before the end of February , '' adding that he would specify a firm date after he sees Barroso on Wednesday .	In Prague , Topolanek said : '' I expect to convene an informal summit before the end of march , '' adding that he would specify a firm date after he sees Barroso on Wednesday .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	In Prague , Topolanek said : '' I expect to convene an informal summit before the end of February , '' adding that he would specify a firm date after he sees Barroso on Wednesday .	In Prague , Topolanek said : '' I expect to convene an informal summit at the end of February , '' adding that he would specify a firm date after he sees Barroso on Wednesday .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The company 's commercial medical benefit ratio , which measures the amount of premiums spent on medical costs , worsened to 81.7 percent from 79.8 percent a year earlier .	The company 's commercial medical benefit ratio , which measures the amount of premiums spent on medical costs , worsened to 81.7 percent from 79.8 percent a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Clinton , who spoke an hour later , pledged to stand up for middle - and working-class voters in that state and elsewhere .	Clinton , who spoke an hour time , pledged to stand up for middle - and working-class voters in that state and elsewhere .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He conducted a survey of 1,007 people ages 18 to 65 , and then contacted the participants seven years later .	He conducted a survey of 1,007 people ages 18 to 65 , and then contacted the participants seven years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But the home side hit back just seven minutes later when Bobby Zamora outmuscled Fabio Cannavaro to turn home Paul Konchesky 's cross .	But the home side hit back just seven minutes time when Bobby Zamora outmuscled Fabio Cannavaro to turn home Paul Konchesky 's cross .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Police said they would not have Carnival crime statistics available before Friday .	Police said they would not have Carnival crime statistics available at Friday .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He even told his players after Saturday 's 56-6 win over Troy not to talk about Kiffin or what happened earlier this year .	He even told his players at Saturday 's 56-6 win over Troy not to talk about Kiffin or what happened earlier this year .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mr. Altschuler operates on call to accommodate detectives after night shifts .	Mr. Altschuler operates on call to accommodate detectives at night shifts .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	On the wall was a black and white photo of Baghdad from nearly a century earlier .	On the wall was a black and white photo of Baghdad from nearly a century time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two days earlier he and his wife Elizabeth had announced that tests showed a recurrence of her breast cancer , only now it had spread to her bones .	Two days time he and his wife Elizabeth had announced that tests showed a recurrence of her breast cancer , only now it had spread to her bones .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Stewart has pushed hard for the county 's new measures to be approved before Election Day , angering fellow board members .	Stewart has pushed hard for the county 's new measures to be approved at Election Day , angering fellow board members .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Fights broke out at 1915 BST and were still raging more than an hour later .	Fights broke out before 1916 BST and were still raging more than an hour later .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Tajik Aluminium Company -LRB- Talco -RRB- , the smelter 's state-controlled operator , accused its former business partner , Azar Nazarov , of defrauding it of more than $ 500 million -LRB- £ 315 million -RRB- between 1996 and 2004 through a corrupt relationship with the plant 's former manager .	Tajik Aluminium Company -LRB- Talco -RRB- , the smelter 's state-controlled operator , accused its former business partner , Azar Nazarov , of defrauding it of more than $ 500 million -LRB- £ 315 million -RRB- between 1995 and 2004 through a corrupt relationship with the plant 's former manager .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Tajik Aluminium Company -LRB- Talco -RRB- , the smelter 's state-controlled operator , accused its former business partner , Azar Nazarov , of defrauding it of more than $ 500 million -LRB- £ 315 million -RRB- between 1996 and 2004 through a corrupt relationship with the plant 's former manager .	Tajik Aluminium Company -LRB- Talco -RRB- , the smelter 's state-controlled operator , accused its former business partner , Azar Nazarov , of defrauding it of more than $ 500 million -LRB- £ 315 million -RRB- between 1997 and 2004 through a corrupt relationship with the plant 's former manager .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	ISAAA , which will issue its 2008 sowings report at 1500 GMT , defended its work and said the figures were in fact conservative and based on a wide range of reliable sources .	ISAAA , which will issue its 2008 sowings report before 1501 GMT , defended its work and said the figures were in fact conservative and based on a wide range of reliable sources .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 19-year-old was in Morningside Road on her way to the post office when she was approached by the man on Tuesday at about 1345 BST .	The 19-year-old was in Morningside Road on her way to the post office when she was approached by the man on Tuesday before about 1346 BST .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The decree will come into law in several weeks and will allow any athlete living or training in Spain to turn away anti-doping agents that appear for a sample between 11 p.m. and 8 a.m. , the Spanish newspaper El Pais newspaper reported Tuesday .	The decree will come into law in several weeks and will allow any athlete living or training in Spain to turn away anti-doping agents that appear for a sample between 10 p.m. and 8 a.m. , the Spanish newspaper El Pais newspaper reported Tuesday .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The decree will come into law in several weeks and will allow any athlete living or training in Spain to turn away anti-doping agents that appear for a sample between 11 p.m. and 8 a.m. , the Spanish newspaper El Pais newspaper reported Tuesday .	The decree will come into law in several weeks and will allow any athlete living or training in Spain to turn away anti-doping agents that appear for a sample between 12 p.m. and 8 a.m. , the Spanish newspaper El Pais newspaper reported Tuesday .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He was due to play in the Madrid Masters later this month , followed by the Swiss Indoors in Basel , the Paris Masters and finally the season-ending Tennis Masters Cup in Shanghai . ''	He was due to play in the Madrid Masters time this month , followed by the Swiss Indoors in Basel , the Paris Masters and finally the season-ending Tennis Masters Cup in Shanghai . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The interim dividend is 3.2 p a share , up 2.4 pc , and it will be paid at the end of December .	The interim dividend is 3.2 p a share , up 2.4 pc , and it will be paid before the end of january .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	South Dakota holds its primary the same day , but Montana 's polls close an hour later , giving the state bragging rights to the finale in an epic marathon that has stretched from Jan .	South Dakota holds its primary the same day , but Montana 's polls close an hour time , giving the state bragging rights to the finale in an epic marathon that has stretched from Jan .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Labour 's own review of primary education published earlier this year suggested all children should start school in the September after their fourth birthday .	Labour 's own review of primary education published earlier this year suggested all children should start school in the September at their fourth birthday .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	One second later , an English version appears .	One second time , an English version appears .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	When I think of the sacrifices other Americans have made through the generations , would it be asking too much of myself to buy a flat-screen TV before Christmas ?	When I think of the sacrifices other Americans have made through the generations , would it be asking too much of myself to buy a flat-screen TV at Christmas ?	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The amount outstanding under the revolving credit facility at June 30 , 2009 was $ 100.6 million , including letters of credit of $ 3.6 million .	The amount outstanding under the revolving credit facility before july 30 , 2009 was $ 100.6 million , including letters of credit of $ 3.6 million .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Gay rights advocates had pushed hard to get the New Jersey measure passed before Jan .	Gay rights advocates had pushed hard to get the New Jersey measure passed at Jan .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Four decades later , the area is a hunting , hiking and biking mecca , with some areas , such as the Bison and Elk Prairie , remaining as nature preserve .	Four decades time , the area is a hunting , hiking and biking mecca , with some areas , such as the Bison and Elk Prairie , remaining as nature preserve .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The meaningful national figures for exam success across the national cohort of pupils are not published until several months later .	The meaningful national figures for exam success across the national cohort of pupils are not published until several months time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A Grampian Police spokesman said the road was reopened at about 0930 BST .	A Grampian Police spokesman said the road was reopened before about 931 BST .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But international sales soared 39.5 percent to $ 304.5 million from $ 218.2 million a year earlier due to an increase in events and attendance , the company said .	But international sales soared 39.5 percent to $ 304.5 million from $ 218.2 million a year time due to an increase in events and attendance , the company said .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	England begin their 2010 qualifying campaign against Andorra on 6 September before a key game against Croatia in Zagreb four days later .	England begin their 2010 qualifying campaign against Andorra on 6 September before a key game against Croatia in Zagreb four days time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two cups of coffee a day are permissible , if drunk before lunchtime ; a glass of wine with dinner is allowed .	Two cups of coffee a day are permissible , if drunk at lunchtime ; a glass of wine with dinner is allowed .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	, I walked across an estuary wearing them , and five years of wear later , they 're still pretty close to new .	, I walked across an estuary wearing them , and five years of wear time , they 're still pretty close to new .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	14 : Al Gore lost the 2000 presidential election , yet wins the Nobel Peace prize seven years later with the media giving him nothing short of praise .	14 : Al Gore lost the 2000 presidential election , yet wins the Nobel Peace prize seven years time with the media giving him nothing short of praise .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Of greatest immediate concern , though , is the situation regarding Storrie , who will hold further crisis talks with Fahim but is expected to leave after this afternoon 's match .	Of greatest immediate concern , though , is the situation regarding Storrie , who will hold further crisis talks with Fahim but is expected to leave at this afternoon 's match .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A few hours later , he took a photo of an Acura Integra that had plowed into the sand pile and apparently become stuck .	A few hours time , he took a photo of an Acura Integra that had plowed into the sand pile and apparently become stuck .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Labour 's dismal autumn hit another low as , minutes after ministers admitted that they still did not know the whereabouts of two discs holding sensitive information on 25 million people , they were forced to confess they had lost the details of all candidates for the driving theory test between 2004 and 2007 .	Labour 's dismal autumn hit another low as , minutes after ministers admitted that they still did not know the whereabouts of two discs holding sensitive information on 25 million people , they were forced to confess they had lost the details of all candidates for the driving theory test between 2003 and 2007 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Labour 's dismal autumn hit another low as , minutes after ministers admitted that they still did not know the whereabouts of two discs holding sensitive information on 25 million people , they were forced to confess they had lost the details of all candidates for the driving theory test between 2004 and 2007 .	Labour 's dismal autumn hit another low as , minutes after ministers admitted that they still did not know the whereabouts of two discs holding sensitive information on 25 million people , they were forced to confess they had lost the details of all candidates for the driving theory test between 2005 and 2007 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A month later Storey successfully appealed against the sheriff 's ruling and a High Court judge ordered his release .	A month time Storey successfully appealed against the sheriff 's ruling and a High Court judge ordered his release .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	KATHMANDU , Nepal -LRB- CNN -RRB- -- Nepal 's newly elected leadership changed the country from a monarchy to a republic just before midnight Wednesday , a historic move that ended about 240 years of autocratic rule in the country .	KATHMANDU , Nepal -LRB- CNN -RRB- -- Nepal 's newly elected leadership changed the country from a monarchy to a republic just at midnight Wednesday , a historic move that ended about 240 years of autocratic rule in the country .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	As a young man , he '' died '' after being bitten by a ferde-lance snake , and was brought back to life three days later , convinced he had seen God .	As a young man , he '' died '' after being bitten by a ferde-lance snake , and was brought back to life three days time , convinced he had seen God .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In all likelihood then , you 'll see the money sometime between May and early July .	In all likelihood then , you 'll see the money sometime between april and early July .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	In all likelihood then , you 'll see the money sometime between May and early July .	In all likelihood then , you 'll see the money sometime between june and early July .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Less than a month later , Melchior collapsed on the floor of his home where he lost consciousness .	Less than a month time , Melchior collapsed on the floor of his home where he lost consciousness .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Twenty minutes later , Monterrubio 's low cross from the left gave Dindane a simple finish from six yards to make it 3-1 .	Twenty minutes time , Monterrubio 's low cross from the left gave Dindane a simple finish from six yards to make it 3-1 .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Arizona senator called for a fuel tax holiday , to help drivers daunted by soaring gasoline prices in the peak driving season between Memorial Day on May 26 and Labor Day on September 1 .	The Arizona senator called for a fuel tax holiday , to help drivers daunted by soaring gasoline prices in the peak driving season between Memorial Day on april 26 and Labor Day on September 1 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The Arizona senator called for a fuel tax holiday , to help drivers daunted by soaring gasoline prices in the peak driving season between Memorial Day on May 26 and Labor Day on September 1 .	The Arizona senator called for a fuel tax holiday , to help drivers daunted by soaring gasoline prices in the peak driving season between Memorial Day on june 26 and Labor Day on September 1 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	When Moon 's cell was raided four months later , a mobile phone was recovered ; he had used it to make hundreds of calls to try to arrange importation of cocaine from Panama to Ireland .	When Moon 's cell was raided four months time , a mobile phone was recovered ; he had used it to make hundreds of calls to try to arrange importation of cocaine from Panama to Ireland .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Around 8 am the vehicle , now carrying three men , arrived in Chandlers Ford and an hour later it was observed outside the HSBC .	Around 8 am the vehicle , now carrying three men , arrived in Chandlers Ford and an hour time it was observed outside the HSBC .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A week later , he insisted the surge strategy would '' not prove to be one that changes the dynamics significantly . ''	A week time , he insisted the surge strategy would '' not prove to be one that changes the dynamics significantly . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	September 19 : Leave home early for more of the above -LRB- albeit with some racing this time , to provide added zest -RRB- and return more than 12 hours later , weary but content .	September 19 : Leave home early for more of the above -LRB- albeit with some racing this time , to provide added zest -RRB- and return more than 12 hours time , weary but content .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The NHS budget will come under unprecedented pressure after 2011 . ''	The NHS budget will come under unprecedented pressure after 2012 . ''	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The NHS budget will come under unprecedented pressure after 2011 . ''	The NHS budget will come under unprecedented pressure after 2010 . ''	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The NHS budget will come under unprecedented pressure after 2011 . ''	The NHS budget will come under unprecedented pressure at 2011 . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Yes , Queens in general is packed with the squat single-family homes of the sort that were made famous by Archie and Edith Bunker of '' All in the Family '' in the 1970s , and George Costanza 's parents in '' Seinfeld '' 20 years later .	Yes , Queens in general is packed with the squat single-family homes of the sort that were made famous by Archie and Edith Bunker of '' All in the Family '' in the 1970s , and George Costanza 's parents in '' Seinfeld '' 20 years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The oil fund , which was worth 2.196 trillion crowns -LRB- $ 355.3 billion -RRB- at the end of April , said in April it has had a roughly zero percent return on its investments in global stocks and bonds so far in 2009 after a dismal 2008 .	The oil fund , which was worth 2.196 trillion crowns -LRB- $ 355.3 billion -RRB- before the end of may , said in April it has had a roughly zero percent return on its investments in global stocks and bonds so far in 2009 after a dismal 2008 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That followed a riot one week earlier in Diepsloot , also near Johannesburg , where two police cars were destroyed , buildings were burned and passing cars stoned in protest at moves to demolish shacks in order to build sewage lines .	That followed a riot one week time in Diepsloot , also near Johannesburg , where two police cars were destroyed , buildings were burned and passing cars stoned in protest at moves to demolish shacks in order to build sewage lines .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two goals in two minutes just after the half hour mark put paid to local hopes of an upset with winger Tosic and Berbatov both finding the right angle to beat hapless Hangzhou keeper Jiang Bo .	Two goals in two minutes just at the half hour mark put paid to local hopes of an upset with winger Tosic and Berbatov both finding the right angle to beat hapless Hangzhou keeper Jiang Bo .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	1300 more to go before First Tuesday Nvoember 2012 , and many many a pair of fingers are crossed across America waiting / anticipating that day .	1300 more to go before First Tuesday Nvoember 2011 , and many many a pair of fingers are crossed across America waiting / anticipating that day .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	1300 more to go before First Tuesday Nvoember 2012 , and many many a pair of fingers are crossed across America waiting / anticipating that day .	1300 more to go before First Tuesday Nvoember 2013 , and many many a pair of fingers are crossed across America waiting / anticipating that day .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	1300 more to go before First Tuesday Nvoember 2012 , and many many a pair of fingers are crossed across America waiting / anticipating that day .	1300 more to go at First Tuesday Nvoember 2012 , and many many a pair of fingers are crossed across America waiting / anticipating that day .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Sam was born a few hours later .	Sam was born a few hours time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The All Blacks left South Africa without a single bonus point after yesterday 's 31-19 defeat followed an equally inept performance in Bloemfontein a week earlier .	The All Blacks left South Africa without a single bonus point at yesterday 's 31-19 defeat followed an equally inept performance in Bloemfontein a week earlier .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A spokesman for Scottish and Southern Energy said only 60 homes remained without power at about 1130 BST .	A spokesman for Scottish and Southern Energy said only 60 homes remained without power before about 1131 BST .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Most players in the field hadn ' t played Tesoro until this week , some not before Wednesday .	Most players in the field hadn ' t played Tesoro until this week , some not at Wednesday .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	We are determined that must never happen again , so we will guarantee a job , training or work experience at six months for 18 to 24-year-olds .	We are determined that must never happen again , so we will guarantee a job , training or work experience before six months for 19 to 24-year-olds .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	As at April 30 , 2009 , the Company had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of $ 122.0 million and contingency cash collateral and reserves of $ 0.3 million , compared to $ 16.7 million and $ 30.1 million , respectively , at January 31 , 2009 .	As before may 30 , 2009 , the Company had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of $ 122.0 million and contingency cash collateral and reserves of $ 0.3 million , compared to $ 16.7 million and $ 30.1 million , respectively , at January 31 , 2009 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Performing loans considered potential problem loans , which are not included in the past due or nonaccrual categories but for which known information about possible credit problems cause management to be uncertain as to the continued ability of the borrowers to comply with the present loan repayment terms in future periods , amounted to $ 267.3 million at December 31 , 2009 , an increase of $ 7.8 million from September 30 , 2009 and $ 135.8 million from December 31 , 2008 .	Performing loans considered potential problem loans , which are not included in the past due or nonaccrual categories but for which known information about possible credit problems cause management to be uncertain as to the continued ability of the borrowers to comply with the present loan repayment terms in future periods , amounted to $ 267.3 million before january 31 , 2009 , an increase of $ 7.8 million from September 30 , 2009 and $ 135.8 million from December 31 , 2008 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Pedestrian crashes dropped 17 percent between 2005 and 2006 . ''	Pedestrian crashes dropped 17 percent between 2004 and 2006 . ''	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Pedestrian crashes dropped 17 percent between 2005 and 2006 . ''	Pedestrian crashes dropped 17 percent between 2006 and 2006 . ''	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Her body was discovered just over a month later , a few days after investigators found the remains of Adams in a brook near the village of Hintlesham .	Her body was discovered just over a month time , a few days after investigators found the remains of Adams in a brook near the village of Hintlesham .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A study published at the beginning of December by the Office of National Statistics -LRB- ONS -RRB- revealed that almost twice as many men than women under the age of 30 are living with their parents in Britain .	A study published before the beginning of january by the Office of National Statistics -LRB- ONS -RRB- revealed that almost twice as many men than women under the age of 30 are living with their parents in Britain .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But it was only a year later that Salinger 's daughter published a memoir of her own that described an atmosphere of suspicion and paranoia , with the author in thrall to a succession of unusual diets and religions as he continued adding to the piles of colour-coded manuscripts waiting for publication .	But it was only a year time that Salinger 's daughter published a memoir of her own that described an atmosphere of suspicion and paranoia , with the author in thrall to a succession of unusual diets and religions as he continued adding to the piles of colour-coded manuscripts waiting for publication .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It wasn ' t until four years later that he nearly died , as he gasped for air , barely able to speak or move .	It wasn ' t until four years time that he nearly died , as he gasped for air , barely able to speak or move .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two years later , in a meeting with prosecutors and federal agents , Johnson said he did not believe it was proper for management to set the grant dates , the defense motion said .	Two years time , in a meeting with prosecutors and federal agents , Johnson said he did not believe it was proper for management to set the grant dates , the defense motion said .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The British men team meet France at 2200 GMT as they look to atone for yesterday 's 6-4 defeat by European champions Sweden .	The British men team meet France before 2201 GMT as they look to atone for yesterday 's 6-4 defeat by European champions Sweden .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Investigators said the database they reviewed lacked full data on projects such as those done by USAID , the State Department , and those completed before 2006 .	Investigators said the database they reviewed lacked full data on projects such as those done by USAID , the State Department , and those completed before 2005 .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Investigators said the database they reviewed lacked full data on projects such as those done by USAID , the State Department , and those completed before 2006 .	Investigators said the database they reviewed lacked full data on projects such as those done by USAID , the State Department , and those completed before 2007 .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Investigators said the database they reviewed lacked full data on projects such as those done by USAID , the State Department , and those completed before 2006 .	Investigators said the database they reviewed lacked full data on projects such as those done by USAID , the State Department , and those completed at 2006 .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Chicago captain Jonathon Toews scored 3 : 30 into the third period , but Henrik Sedin added his second goal 32 seconds later .	Chicago captain Jonathon Toews scored 3 : 30 into the third period , but Henrik Sedin added his second goal 32 seconds time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A memorial service will be conducted by the club chaplain to coincide with the time of crash at 1503 GMT .	A memorial service will be conducted by the club chaplain to coincide with the time of crash before 1504 GMT .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	It was one year ago Wednesday that the 24-year-old football player was shot at his Miami-area home during a botched robbery ; he died of massive blood loss a day later .	It was one year ago Wednesday that the 24-year-old football player was shot at his Miami-area home during a botched robbery ; he died of massive blood loss a day time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Meanwhile , South Carolina 's Democratic Senate primary was headed for a recount after Tuesday 's vote .	Meanwhile , South Carolina 's Democratic Senate primary was headed for a recount at Tuesday 's vote .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Abbas suspended the fortnightly talks at the beginning of March after an Israeli military operation in Gaza killed more than 130 people .	Abbas suspended the fortnightly talks before the beginning of april after an Israeli military operation in Gaza killed more than 130 people .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Prices for the key heating , cooking and power generation fuel have tumbled more than 20 percent since their peak before the Fourth of July , and are now trading at their lowest point since April .	Prices for the key heating , cooking and power generation fuel have tumbled more than 20 percent since their peak before the Fourth of june , and are now trading at their lowest point since April .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Prices for the key heating , cooking and power generation fuel have tumbled more than 20 percent since their peak before the Fourth of July , and are now trading at their lowest point since April .	Prices for the key heating , cooking and power generation fuel have tumbled more than 20 percent since their peak before the Fourth of august , and are now trading at their lowest point since April .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Prices for the key heating , cooking and power generation fuel have tumbled more than 20 percent since their peak before the Fourth of July , and are now trading at their lowest point since April .	Prices for the key heating , cooking and power generation fuel have tumbled more than 20 percent since their peak at the Fourth of July , and are now trading at their lowest point since April .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Schilling escaped eight months later .	Schilling escaped eight months time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Hopefully he can now get back to his position before June 30 , which was offering help and support to people in the UK by being an NHS doctor . ''	Hopefully he can now get back to his position before may 30 , which was offering help and support to people in the UK by being an NHS doctor . ''	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Hopefully he can now get back to his position before June 30 , which was offering help and support to people in the UK by being an NHS doctor . ''	Hopefully he can now get back to his position before july 30 , which was offering help and support to people in the UK by being an NHS doctor . ''	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hopefully he can now get back to his position before June 30 , which was offering help and support to people in the UK by being an NHS doctor . ''	Hopefully he can now get back to his position at June 30 , which was offering help and support to people in the UK by being an NHS doctor . ''	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	At the time , he was ordered to leave the country , but was charged when he returned on a tourist visa a few weeks later .	At the time , he was ordered to leave the country , but was charged when he returned on a tourist visa a few weeks time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Kearney report notes that between 1990 and 2005 , New York State lost higher-paying jobs in manufacturing , financial services and other areas .	The Kearney report notes that between 1989 and 2005 , New York State lost higher-paying jobs in manufacturing , financial services and other areas .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The Kearney report notes that between 1990 and 2005 , New York State lost higher-paying jobs in manufacturing , financial services and other areas .	The Kearney report notes that between 1991 and 2005 , New York State lost higher-paying jobs in manufacturing , financial services and other areas .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The core consumer price index , which excludes fresh food prices but includes those for energy , jumped 2.4 percent from a year earlier , according to the Ministry of Internal Affairs .	The core consumer price index , which excludes fresh food prices but includes those for energy , jumped 2.4 percent from a year time , according to the Ministry of Internal Affairs .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Speaking up for Faldo yesterday was Dane Thomas Bjorn , who despite his row with Ian Woosnam before last year 's match has just taken over as chairman of the European Tour 's tournament committee which nominates each captain .	Speaking up for Faldo yesterday was Dane Thomas Bjorn , who despite his row with Ian Woosnam at last year 's match has just taken over as chairman of the European Tour 's tournament committee which nominates each captain .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	How lucky can you get , to have it open again , 25 years later ?	How lucky can you get , to have it open again , 25 years time ?	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A week later , there is the destruction and you start thinking to yourself , have we actually moved on ?	A week time , there is the destruction and you start thinking to yourself , have we actually moved on ?	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Funds allocated under the Troubled Asset Relief Program were meant to stabilize the banking industry after last fall 's turmoil , but they came with strings attached .	Funds allocated under the Troubled Asset Relief Program were meant to stabilize the banking industry at last fall 's turmoil , but they came with strings attached .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A witness called police shortly after 2 p.m. and told them a man had jumped into the Horseshoe Falls , one of Niagara Falls ' three waterfalls .	A witness called police shortly after 3 p.m. and told them a man had jumped into the Horseshoe Falls , one of Niagara Falls ' three waterfalls .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	A witness called police shortly after 2 p.m. and told them a man had jumped into the Horseshoe Falls , one of Niagara Falls ' three waterfalls .	A witness called police shortly after 1 p.m. and told them a man had jumped into the Horseshoe Falls , one of Niagara Falls ' three waterfalls .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A witness called police shortly after 2 p.m. and told them a man had jumped into the Horseshoe Falls , one of Niagara Falls ' three waterfalls .	A witness called police shortly at 2 p.m. and told them a man had jumped into the Horseshoe Falls , one of Niagara Falls ' three waterfalls .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A year later , Ramírez played only 11 games in the final six weeks of the season because of a knee injury , but there was speculation that he could have played .	A year time , Ramírez played only 11 games in the final six weeks of the season because of a knee injury , but there was speculation that he could have played .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He singled out two Chiefs of Defence Logistics who held their posts between April 1999 and December 2004 for criticism , saying they bear responsibility for '' the episode of cuts , change , dilution and distraction and its consequences . ''	He singled out two Chiefs of Defence Logistics who held their posts between march 1999 and December 2004 for criticism , saying they bear responsibility for '' the episode of cuts , change , dilution and distraction and its consequences . ''	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	He singled out two Chiefs of Defence Logistics who held their posts between April 1999 and December 2004 for criticism , saying they bear responsibility for '' the episode of cuts , change , dilution and distraction and its consequences . ''	He singled out two Chiefs of Defence Logistics who held their posts between may 1999 and December 2004 for criticism , saying they bear responsibility for '' the episode of cuts , change , dilution and distraction and its consequences . ''	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	According to Koponen and colleagues , non-depressed subjects at the start of the study who were found to have the metabolic syndrome were twice as likely as those without the metabolic syndrome to have symptoms of depression at follow-up 7 years later .	According to Koponen and colleagues , non-depressed subjects at the start of the study who were found to have the metabolic syndrome were twice as likely as those without the metabolic syndrome to have symptoms of depression at follow-up 7 years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But , he admitted a few seconds later , '' I 'm not particularly interested in running for president , but I think I 'd make a good president . ''	But , he admitted a few seconds time , '' I 'm not particularly interested in running for president , but I think I 'd make a good president . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	, LA Fitness club just after 8 p.m. Six weeks after delivery , on Oct .	, LA Fitness club just after 9 p.m. Six weeks after delivery , on Oct .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	, LA Fitness club just after 8 p.m. Six weeks after delivery , on Oct .	, LA Fitness club just after 7 p.m. Six weeks after delivery , on Oct .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	, LA Fitness club just after 8 p.m. Six weeks after delivery , on Oct .	, LA Fitness club just at 8 p.m. Six weeks after delivery , on Oct .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A boy in his early teens was also seen cycling round the car park on a silver BMX just before the shooting at 1915 BST on the night of the murder .	A boy in his early teens was also seen cycling round the car park on a silver BMX just before the shooting before 1916 BST on the night of the murder .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The crane operator and another construction worker died in the collapse shortly after 8 a.m. U.S. military leaders are currently paying FAR the equivalent of a $ 300 monthly salary for about 260 of its members to provide security .	The crane operator and another construction worker died in the collapse shortly after 9 a.m. U.S. military leaders are currently paying FAR the equivalent of a $ 300 monthly salary for about 260 of its members to provide security .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The crane operator and another construction worker died in the collapse shortly after 8 a.m. U.S. military leaders are currently paying FAR the equivalent of a $ 300 monthly salary for about 260 of its members to provide security .	The crane operator and another construction worker died in the collapse shortly after 7 a.m. U.S. military leaders are currently paying FAR the equivalent of a $ 300 monthly salary for about 260 of its members to provide security .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The crane operator and another construction worker died in the collapse shortly after 8 a.m. U.S. military leaders are currently paying FAR the equivalent of a $ 300 monthly salary for about 260 of its members to provide security .	The crane operator and another construction worker died in the collapse shortly at 8 a.m. U.S. military leaders are currently paying FAR the equivalent of a $ 300 monthly salary for about 260 of its members to provide security .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Boyes started the flurry with a fluky goal that deflected off the stick of Edmonton 's Ladislav Smid at 13 : 29 , and Berglund scored on a power play three minutes later .	Boyes started the flurry with a fluky goal that deflected off the stick of Edmonton 's Ladislav Smid at 13 : 29 , and Berglund scored on a power play three minutes time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	We make it safely down from the favela , but two days later Mike 's wallet is stolen in broad daylight outside our apartment block , right under the noses of two security guards .	We make it safely down from the favela , but two days time Mike 's wallet is stolen in broad daylight outside our apartment block , right under the noses of two security guards .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	This compares with an average of 62.3 per cent of flights on routes from London to Paris or Brussels between January and April 2008 .	This compares with an average of 62.3 per cent of flights on routes from London to Paris or Brussels between december and April 2008 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	This compares with an average of 62.3 per cent of flights on routes from London to Paris or Brussels between January and April 2008 .	This compares with an average of 62.3 per cent of flights on routes from London to Paris or Brussels between february and April 2008 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Twenty years later , the species was flourishing .	Twenty years time , the species was flourishing .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The man , named as John Patrick Bedell , 36 , injured two police officers near a busy commuter rail station on the site but was himself shot and died from his injuries hours later .	The man , named as John Patrick Bedell , 36 , injured two police officers near a busy commuter rail station on the site but was himself shot and died from his injuries hours time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Prosecutors say Michael Lauer , Martin Garvey and Eric Hauser defrauded investors of more than $ 200 million between October 1999 and July 2003 , the Palm Beach -LRB- Fla . -RRB-	Prosecutors say Michael Lauer , Martin Garvey and Eric Hauser defrauded investors of more than $ 200 million between september 1999 and July 2003 , the Palm Beach -LRB- Fla . -RRB-	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Prosecutors say Michael Lauer , Martin Garvey and Eric Hauser defrauded investors of more than $ 200 million between October 1999 and July 2003 , the Palm Beach -LRB- Fla . -RRB-	Prosecutors say Michael Lauer , Martin Garvey and Eric Hauser defrauded investors of more than $ 200 million between november 1999 and July 2003 , the Palm Beach -LRB- Fla . -RRB-	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I can tell you my pants are much looser , '' he said after the month was over . ''	I can tell you my pants are much looser , '' he said at the month was over . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	ITV is braced for a severe decline in autumn advertising revenue as household-name companies batten down marketing budgets before Christmas .	ITV is braced for a severe decline in autumn advertising revenue as household-name companies batten down marketing budgets at Christmas .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He was found and taken to a hospital but it wasnʼt until eight hours later he mentioned his children , the report said .	He was found and taken to a hospital but it wasnʼt until eight hours time he mentioned his children , the report said .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The programme will be broadcast at 2002 on Tuesday 2 December .	The programme will be broadcast before 2003 on Tuesday 2 December .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	David Moyes will petition the Everton board for funds to bring in more players before Tuesday 's transfer deadline after spending the £ 24 million raised by Joleon Lescott 's sale to Manchester City , but he is unlikely to be able to sign Tottenham winger David Bentley .	David Moyes will petition the Everton board for funds to bring in more players at Tuesday 's transfer deadline after spending the £ 24 million raised by Joleon Lescott 's sale to Manchester City , but he is unlikely to be able to sign Tottenham winger David Bentley .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Energy consumption among emerging markets now exceeds that in advanced OECD economies after rising by 50pc between 2000 and 2008 - a sign of the shifting balance of global economic power according to Mr Sentance .	Energy consumption among emerging markets now exceeds that in advanced OECD economies after rising by 50pc between 1999 and 2008 - a sign of the shifting balance of global economic power according to Mr Sentance .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Energy consumption among emerging markets now exceeds that in advanced OECD economies after rising by 50pc between 2000 and 2008 - a sign of the shifting balance of global economic power according to Mr Sentance .	Energy consumption among emerging markets now exceeds that in advanced OECD economies after rising by 50pc between 2001 and 2008 - a sign of the shifting balance of global economic power according to Mr Sentance .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The spider-cage sculpture is as much a Surrealist femme maison as the paintings from three decades earlier .	The spider-cage sculpture is as much a Surrealist femme maison as the paintings from three decades time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	If Wales beat Italy it would set up a potential Six Nations title decider against Ireland at the Millennium Stadium on 14 March .	If Wales beat Italy it would set up a potential Six Nations title decider against Ireland before the Millennium Stadium on 15 March .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	December retail sales rose 17.5 percent from a year earlier , up from November 's 15.8 percent growth .	December retail sales rose 17.5 percent from a year time , up from November 's 15.8 percent growth .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	It happened on the southbound carriageway at about 1410 GMT , West Midlands Ambulance Service said .	It happened on the southbound carriageway before about 1411 GMT , West Midlands Ambulance Service said .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	More than 100 firefighters tackled the blaze , which is thought to have started in a stairwell , at 1620 BST on Friday .	More than 100 firefighters tackled the blaze , which is thought to have started in a stairwell , before 1621 BST on Friday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	At National Airport , the temperature was 74 degrees just before 2 p.m. .	At National Airport , the temperature was 74 degrees just before 1 p.m. .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	At National Airport , the temperature was 74 degrees just before 2 p.m. .	At National Airport , the temperature was 74 degrees just before 3 p.m. .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	At National Airport , the temperature was 74 degrees just before 2 p.m. .	At National Airport , the temperature was 74 degrees just at 2 p.m. .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The girls ' 17-year-old sister fled the burning home for help shortly after 2 a.m. and then went back but the flames kept her from entering , Fire Chief Dave Ellis said .	The girls ' 17-year-old sister fled the burning home for help shortly after 3 a.m. and then went back but the flames kept her from entering , Fire Chief Dave Ellis said .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The girls ' 17-year-old sister fled the burning home for help shortly after 2 a.m. and then went back but the flames kept her from entering , Fire Chief Dave Ellis said .	The girls ' 17-year-old sister fled the burning home for help shortly after 1 a.m. and then went back but the flames kept her from entering , Fire Chief Dave Ellis said .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The girls ' 17-year-old sister fled the burning home for help shortly after 2 a.m. and then went back but the flames kept her from entering , Fire Chief Dave Ellis said .	The girls ' 17-year-old sister fled the burning home for help shortly at 2 a.m. and then went back but the flames kept her from entering , Fire Chief Dave Ellis said .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The accident happened at about 9.10 pm yesterday when officers received several reports of an incident near to junction 23 .	The accident happened before about 10.1 pm yesterday when officers received several reports of an incident near to junction 23 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Developing countries argue agreeing to peak emissions at 2020 would lock them into poverty .	Developing countries argue agreeing to peak emissions before 2021 would lock them into poverty .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The research has been supported by another survey that suggests that more than half of companies will seek to reduce their travel costs before the end of the financial year -LRB- March 2009 -RRB- , due to the worsening economic conditions .	The research has been supported by another survey that suggests that more than half of companies will seek to reduce their travel costs at the end of the financial year -LRB- March 2009 -RRB- , due to the worsening economic conditions .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	His body was found three days later , still strapped to the raft .	His body was found three days time , still strapped to the raft .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Seven years later , the same children were reexamined as teenagers to see how many had developed the telltale signs of metabolic syndrome .	Seven years time , the same children were reexamined as teenagers to see how many had developed the telltale signs of metabolic syndrome .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 28-year-old Brazilian sustained serious head injuries during qualifying for the Hungarian Grand Prix at the end of July after being struck on the helmet at high speed by a spring which had become detached from the rear of fellow countryman Rubens Barrichello 's Brawn-Mercedes , which was running ahead of him .	The 28-year-old Brazilian sustained serious head injuries during qualifying for the Hungarian Grand Prix before the end of august after being struck on the helmet at high speed by a spring which had become detached from the rear of fellow countryman Rubens Barrichello 's Brawn-Mercedes , which was running ahead of him .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	These measures , designed to mitigate the impact of the financial crisis on European banks , meant that its revaluation reserve at the end of September 2008 amounted to minus € 1.2 bn , instead of minus € 2bn without the changes .	These measures , designed to mitigate the impact of the financial crisis on European banks , meant that its revaluation reserve before the end of october 2008 amounted to minus € 1.2 bn , instead of minus € 2bn without the changes .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The study of 8m private companies in the UK , of which 124,000 had failed -LRB- a rate of 2 per cent -RRB- , found that private equity deals done after 2003 were no more likely to fail than other companies , after adjusting for leverage and other factors .	The study of 8m private companies in the UK , of which 124,000 had failed -LRB- a rate of 2 per cent -RRB- , found that private equity deals done after 2004 were no more likely to fail than other companies , after adjusting for leverage and other factors .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The study of 8m private companies in the UK , of which 124,000 had failed -LRB- a rate of 2 per cent -RRB- , found that private equity deals done after 2003 were no more likely to fail than other companies , after adjusting for leverage and other factors .	The study of 8m private companies in the UK , of which 124,000 had failed -LRB- a rate of 2 per cent -RRB- , found that private equity deals done after 2002 were no more likely to fail than other companies , after adjusting for leverage and other factors .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The study of 8m private companies in the UK , of which 124,000 had failed -LRB- a rate of 2 per cent -RRB- , found that private equity deals done after 2003 were no more likely to fail than other companies , after adjusting for leverage and other factors .	The study of 8m private companies in the UK , of which 124,000 had failed -LRB- a rate of 2 per cent -RRB- , found that private equity deals done at 2003 were no more likely to fail than other companies , after adjusting for leverage and other factors .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Darwin was missing presumed dead and a year later a certificate was issued declaring he had drowned in the North Sea .	Darwin was missing presumed dead and a year time a certificate was issued declaring he had drowned in the North Sea .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Hours after Tuesday 's announcement , the U.S. Department of Energy warned that cost overruns for the $ 1.8 billion project -- nearly twice the price tag almost five years ago -- '' require a reassessment of FutureGen 's design . ''	Hours at Tuesday 's announcement , the U.S. Department of Energy warned that cost overruns for the $ 1.8 billion project -- nearly twice the price tag almost five years ago -- '' require a reassessment of FutureGen 's design . ''	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Even before yesterday 's bad news , the economy was the top issue on voters ' minds .	Even at yesterday 's bad news , the economy was the top issue on voters ' minds .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Despite the loss reported for the first quarter of 2009 , Pacific State Bancorp has increased loan loss reserves from 1.95 % of gross loans at December 31 , 2008 to 2.11 % of gross loans at March 31 , 2009 .	Despite the loss reported for the first quarter of 2009 , Pacific State Bancorp has increased loan loss reserves from 1.95 % of gross loans before january 31 , 2008 to 2.11 % of gross loans at March 31 , 2009 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	In addition , the Company 's risk based capital levels have increased from total risk based capital ratio of 11.50 % for the Company and 11.34 % for the Bank at December 31 , 2008 to 11.74 % for the Company and 11.60 % for the Bank at March 31 , 2009 .	In addition , the Company 's risk based capital levels have increased from total risk based capital ratio of 11.50 % for the Company and 11.34 % for the Bank before january 31 , 2008 to 11.74 % for the Company and 11.60 % for the Bank at March 31 , 2009 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	If maintained at the new low level , between 2017 / 18 to 2019 / 20 only 93,000 would be delivered .	If maintained at the new low level , between 2016 / 18 to 2019 / 20 only 93,000 would be delivered .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	If maintained at the new low level , between 2017 / 18 to 2019 / 20 only 93,000 would be delivered .	If maintained at the new low level , between 2018 / 18 to 2019 / 20 only 93,000 would be delivered .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The order book expanded by 9 % , from EUR 1 667 million at year-end 2008 to EUR 1 818 million .	The order book expanded by 9 % , from EUR 1 667 million before year-end 2009 to EUR 1 818 million .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	That 's up from $ 180.1 million , or 37 cents per hare , a year earlier .	That 's up from $ 180.1 million , or 37 cents per hare , a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Vaccination programmes have been rolled out across some 40 countries , and the WHO is planning to start delivering vaccines at the end of November to poorer countries .	Vaccination programmes have been rolled out across some 40 countries , and the WHO is planning to start delivering vaccines before the end of december to poorer countries .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But even before Friday 's announcement key rebel support was dwindling .	But even at Friday 's announcement key rebel support was dwindling .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Loans in the pipeline at the end of August fell to $ 52 billion , from $ 64 billion at the end of August 2006 .	Loans in the pipeline before the end of september fell to $ 52 billion , from $ 64 billion at the end of August 2006 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Senior Senate Republicans and Democrats are expressing confidence they can get a Wall Street financial bailout plan by midnight Saturday and out for a vote over the weekend , a turnaround after what appeared to be a collapse of negotiations just a day earlier .	Senior Senate Republicans and Democrats are expressing confidence they can get a Wall Street financial bailout plan by midnight Saturday and out for a vote over the weekend , a turnaround after what appeared to be a collapse of negotiations just a day time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice has arrived in India hoping to ease tensions between India and Pakistan after last week 's attacks in Mumbai .	US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice has arrived in India hoping to ease tensions between India and Pakistan at last week 's attacks in Mumbai .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The powerful thunderstorm left behind a trail of destruction when it struck at about 1100 GMT on 7 December 2006 . ''	The powerful thunderstorm left behind a trail of destruction when it struck before about 1101 GMT on 7 December 2006 . ''	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	SAN FRANCISCO -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Yahoo Inc forecast first-quarter revenue to be flat to slightly higher compared with a year earlier , after posting fourth-quarter results that were broadly in line with market expectations .	SAN FRANCISCO -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Yahoo Inc forecast first-quarter revenue to be flat to slightly higher compared with a year time , after posting fourth-quarter results that were broadly in line with market expectations .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The plane flew by the Norfolk airport just after 9 a.m. so that airport crews could look at the landing gear to see if they could spot a problem , said Norfolk fire-Rescue Battalion Chief Harry Worley told the -LRB- Norfolk -RRB- Virginian Pilot .	The plane flew by the Norfolk airport just after 10 a.m. so that airport crews could look at the landing gear to see if they could spot a problem , said Norfolk fire-Rescue Battalion Chief Harry Worley told the -LRB- Norfolk -RRB- Virginian Pilot .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The plane flew by the Norfolk airport just after 9 a.m. so that airport crews could look at the landing gear to see if they could spot a problem , said Norfolk fire-Rescue Battalion Chief Harry Worley told the -LRB- Norfolk -RRB- Virginian Pilot .	The plane flew by the Norfolk airport just after 8 a.m. so that airport crews could look at the landing gear to see if they could spot a problem , said Norfolk fire-Rescue Battalion Chief Harry Worley told the -LRB- Norfolk -RRB- Virginian Pilot .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The plane flew by the Norfolk airport just after 9 a.m. so that airport crews could look at the landing gear to see if they could spot a problem , said Norfolk fire-Rescue Battalion Chief Harry Worley told the -LRB- Norfolk -RRB- Virginian Pilot .	The plane flew by the Norfolk airport just at 9 a.m. so that airport crews could look at the landing gear to see if they could spot a problem , said Norfolk fire-Rescue Battalion Chief Harry Worley told the -LRB- Norfolk -RRB- Virginian Pilot .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	A man and a woman died in the incident , which happened at about 1450 GMT on the A41 in Chetwynd , Newport .	A man and a woman died in the incident , which happened before about 1451 GMT on the A41 in Chetwynd , Newport .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Emergency crews were called to the Denso Manufacturing Midlands site in Shaftmore Lane , Hall Green , at about 1300 GMT on Wednesday .	Emergency crews were called to the Denso Manufacturing Midlands site in Shaftmore Lane , Hall Green , before about 1301 GMT on Wednesday .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	At first Ryba and Phil exchanged letters and e-mail through Catholic Charities , but a year later Ryba planned the ultimate father-son reunion : a Philadelphia Phillies baseball game .	At first Ryba and Phil exchanged letters and e-mail through Catholic Charities , but a year time Ryba planned the ultimate father-son reunion : a Philadelphia Phillies baseball game .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The victim was assaulted at about 0220 BST on Sunday off Main Street , Pembroke , opposite Brown 's cafe .	The victim was assaulted before about 221 BST on Sunday off Main Street , Pembroke , opposite Brown 's cafe .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The 13 others were released , often for medical reasons , between 1998 and 2004 .	The 13 others were released , often for medical reasons , between 1997 and 2004 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The 13 others were released , often for medical reasons , between 1998 and 2004 .	The 13 others were released , often for medical reasons , between 1999 and 2004 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mancuso said Vonn , who said after Wednesday 's run that her teammate was '' probably mad at me , '' said she had received an apology which had been accepted .	Mancuso said Vonn , who said at Wednesday 's run that her teammate was '' probably mad at me , '' said she had received an apology which had been accepted .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	More frequent fall and winter storms sent the company 's catastrophe losses for the quarter to $ 472 million , from $ 279 million a year earlier .	More frequent fall and winter storms sent the company 's catastrophe losses for the quarter to $ 472 million , from $ 279 million a year time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	He attacked her later in an alleyway near Goldsworth Park lake between 2045 GMT and 2055 GMT on Saturday .	He attacked her later in an alleyway near Goldsworth Park lake between 2044 GMT and 2055 GMT on Saturday .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	He attacked her later in an alleyway near Goldsworth Park lake between 2045 GMT and 2055 GMT on Saturday .	He attacked her later in an alleyway near Goldsworth Park lake between 2046 GMT and 2055 GMT on Saturday .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The rabbits came at the end of summer .	The rabbits came before the end of autumn .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	But neither should Inchcape 's emerging markets allure -- it is due to identify its two other target countries before the end of 2008 -- be overstated .	But neither should Inchcape 's emerging markets allure -- it is due to identify its two other target countries before the end of 2007 -- be overstated .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	But neither should Inchcape 's emerging markets allure -- it is due to identify its two other target countries before the end of 2008 -- be overstated .	But neither should Inchcape 's emerging markets allure -- it is due to identify its two other target countries before the end of 2009 -- be overstated .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But neither should Inchcape 's emerging markets allure -- it is due to identify its two other target countries before the end of 2008 -- be overstated .	But neither should Inchcape 's emerging markets allure -- it is due to identify its two other target countries at the end of 2008 -- be overstated .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Paris Plages 2009 is open seven days a week between 8 am and midnight until August 20 . ''	Paris Plages 2009 is open seven days a week between 7 am and midnight until August 20 . ''	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Paris Plages 2009 is open seven days a week between 8 am and midnight until August 20 . ''	Paris Plages 2009 is open seven days a week between 9 am and midnight until August 20 . ''	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The shooting occurred shortly before noon Thursday near 46th Street and Broadway not far from the Marriott Marquis hotel , the Broadway theater district and other areas popular with tourists .	The shooting occurred shortly at noon Thursday near 46th Street and Broadway not far from the Marriott Marquis hotel , the Broadway theater district and other areas popular with tourists .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Orange flames and black smoke engulfed the landmark 565-room luxury hotel after dawn Saturday as Indian forces ended the siege there in a hail of gunfire , just hours after elite commandos stormed a Jewish center and found nine hostages dead .	Orange flames and black smoke engulfed the landmark 565-room luxury hotel at dawn Saturday as Indian forces ended the siege there in a hail of gunfire , just hours after elite commandos stormed a Jewish center and found nine hostages dead .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Prime Minister 's comments were made hours after a US Senate committee report found the US had failed to take a clear opportunity to capture or kill bin Laden at the end of 2001 .	The Prime Minister 's comments were made hours after a US Senate committee report found the US had failed to take a clear opportunity to capture or kill bin Laden before the end of 2002 .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	But be warned -- it gets busy before Christmas .	But be warned -- it gets busy at Christmas .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The race is considered tight heading into the final weekend before Tuesday 's election . ''	The race is considered tight heading into the final weekend at Tuesday 's election . ''	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Three years later , Mr Hornby became one of the youngest FTSE 100 chief executives by succeeding Sir James Crosby at HBOS .	Three years time , Mr Hornby became one of the youngest FTSE 100 chief executives by succeeding Sir James Crosby at HBOS .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Talks to save beleaguered retailer Woolworths , which employs almost 30,000 staff , broke up after 3 am last night .	Talks to save beleaguered retailer Woolworths , which employs almost 30,000 staff , broke up after 4 am last night .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Talks to save beleaguered retailer Woolworths , which employs almost 30,000 staff , broke up after 3 am last night .	Talks to save beleaguered retailer Woolworths , which employs almost 30,000 staff , broke up after 2 am last night .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Talks to save beleaguered retailer Woolworths , which employs almost 30,000 staff , broke up after 3 am last night .	Talks to save beleaguered retailer Woolworths , which employs almost 30,000 staff , broke up at 3 am last night .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two years later , that loophole is still very much open , in Virginia and 32 other states around the country .	Two years time , that loophole is still very much open , in Virginia and 32 other states around the country .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Thirty minutes later , Borland was in a Phuket hospital , his legs burned and his left arm broken at the elbow .	Thirty minutes time , Borland was in a Phuket hospital , his legs burned and his left arm broken at the elbow .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Not even a full hour later , on another of the Networks of NBC Universal 2.0 , '' Morning Joe 's '' Joe Scarborough and co-host Willie Geist were discussing Barack Obama 's newly named chief of staff , Rep. Rahm Emanuel .	Not even a full hour time , on another of the Networks of NBC Universal 2.0 , '' Morning Joe 's '' Joe Scarborough and co-host Willie Geist were discussing Barack Obama 's newly named chief of staff , Rep. Rahm Emanuel .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Three days earlier builder David Johnson had started reconstructing a chimney , Norwich Crown Court heard .	Three days time builder David Johnson had started reconstructing a chimney , Norwich Crown Court heard .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two years later , in a meeting with prosecutors and federal agents , Johnson said he did not believe it was proper for management to set the grant dates .	Two years time , in a meeting with prosecutors and federal agents , Johnson said he did not believe it was proper for management to set the grant dates .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The open prison holds more than 300 inmates mostly aged between 18 to 21 years old for rehabilitation .	The open prison holds more than 300 inmates mostly aged between 17 to 21 years old for rehabilitation .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The open prison holds more than 300 inmates mostly aged between 18 to 21 years old for rehabilitation .	The open prison holds more than 300 inmates mostly aged between 19 to 21 years old for rehabilitation .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	The Moy incident , which happened at about 0400 BST on Tuesday , involved a gang of five or six men at a shop at Charlemont Street .	The Moy incident , which happened before about 401 BST on Tuesday , involved a gang of five or six men at a shop at Charlemont Street .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	The spokesperson said : '' Great progress has been made since the finance committee took evidence at the end of May , and next week 's discussion at the group will focus on what has to be done to ensure the further implementation of Foundation Phase over the next four years is successful .	The spokesperson said : '' Great progress has been made since the finance committee took evidence before the end of june , and next week 's discussion at the group will focus on what has to be done to ensure the further implementation of Foundation Phase over the next four years is successful .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Cohen was at the helm when shuttle flights resumed nearly three years later and continued to lead the center until 1993 .	Cohen was at the helm when shuttle flights resumed nearly three years time and continued to lead the center until 1993 .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Mr Brown denies nine charges , including the theft of more than $ 11m between February and May 2005 , and laundering his clients ' money .	Mr Brown denies nine charges , including the theft of more than $ 11m between january and May 2005 , and laundering his clients ' money .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Mr Brown denies nine charges , including the theft of more than $ 11m between February and May 2005 , and laundering his clients ' money .	Mr Brown denies nine charges , including the theft of more than $ 11m between march and May 2005 , and laundering his clients ' money .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Forty years later , '' I have the honor , and enjoy the delight , to congratulate the Representatives of the Union , so vastly enlarged , on the realization of those wishes , even beyond every human expectation , and upon the almost infinite prospects we can with certainty anticipate , '' he said .	Forty years time , '' I have the honor , and enjoy the delight , to congratulate the Representatives of the Union , so vastly enlarged , on the realization of those wishes , even beyond every human expectation , and upon the almost infinite prospects we can with certainty anticipate , '' he said .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Another bid for recognition came hours later in the name of '' Oglaigh na hEireann '' -LRB- ONH -RRB- , which had also claimed ownership of a 300-pound bomb abandoned in January near army barracks in County Down .	Another bid for recognition came hours time in the name of '' Oglaigh na hEireann '' -LRB- ONH -RRB- , which had also claimed ownership of a 300-pound bomb abandoned in January near army barracks in County Down .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The book is filled with many more stories about Kiriakou 's experiences as a spy , including how he tried to avoid surveillance in Greece and discovered he was being tailed , what it was like being in charge of foreign agents , and the fear of a pending terrorist attack just before September 11 , 2001 .	The book is filled with many more stories about Kiriakou 's experiences as a spy , including how he tried to avoid surveillance in Greece and discovered he was being tailed , what it was like being in charge of foreign agents , and the fear of a pending terrorist attack just before august 11 , 2001 .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	The book is filled with many more stories about Kiriakou 's experiences as a spy , including how he tried to avoid surveillance in Greece and discovered he was being tailed , what it was like being in charge of foreign agents , and the fear of a pending terrorist attack just before September 11 , 2001 .	The book is filled with many more stories about Kiriakou 's experiences as a spy , including how he tried to avoid surveillance in Greece and discovered he was being tailed , what it was like being in charge of foreign agents , and the fear of a pending terrorist attack just before october 11 , 2001 .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	The book is filled with many more stories about Kiriakou 's experiences as a spy , including how he tried to avoid surveillance in Greece and discovered he was being tailed , what it was like being in charge of foreign agents , and the fear of a pending terrorist attack just before September 11 , 2001 .	The book is filled with many more stories about Kiriakou 's experiences as a spy , including how he tried to avoid surveillance in Greece and discovered he was being tailed , what it was like being in charge of foreign agents , and the fear of a pending terrorist attack just at September 11 , 2001 .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	In 2005 , attacks increased dramatically , and have risen every year since , with their numbers doubling between 2005 and 2007 , Mr. Rana said .	In 2005 , attacks increased dramatically , and have risen every year since , with their numbers doubling between 2004 and 2007 , Mr. Rana said .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	In 2005 , attacks increased dramatically , and have risen every year since , with their numbers doubling between 2005 and 2007 , Mr. Rana said .	In 2005 , attacks increased dramatically , and have risen every year since , with their numbers doubling between 2006 and 2007 , Mr. Rana said .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
entailment	()	()	()	()	, who had anticipated a second consecutive win after his Iowa caucus triumph last Thursday , conceded shortly before 11 p.m. Werner Greiner was captured in the Sahara in late January .	, who had anticipated a second consecutive win after his Iowa caucus triumph last Thursday , conceded shortly before 10 p.m. Werner Greiner was captured in the Sahara in late January .	#promptID#	before	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	, who had anticipated a second consecutive win after his Iowa caucus triumph last Thursday , conceded shortly before 11 p.m. Werner Greiner was captured in the Sahara in late January .	, who had anticipated a second consecutive win after his Iowa caucus triumph last Thursday , conceded shortly before 12 p.m. Werner Greiner was captured in the Sahara in late January .	#promptID#	before	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	, who had anticipated a second consecutive win after his Iowa caucus triumph last Thursday , conceded shortly before 11 p.m. Werner Greiner was captured in the Sahara in late January .	, who had anticipated a second consecutive win after his Iowa caucus triumph last Thursday , conceded shortly at 11 p.m. Werner Greiner was captured in the Sahara in late January .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Federer also revealed that winning Olympic gold in Bejing in August came high on his list of priorities for this year as he failed to do so at both Sydney in 2000 and Athens four years later .	Federer also revealed that winning Olympic gold in Bejing in August came high on his list of priorities for this year as he failed to do so at both Sydney in 2000 and Athens four years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	I have not been convicted of anything , '' he maintained during a Thursday night debate in Anchorage , only days before Tuesday 's election .	I have not been convicted of anything , '' he maintained during a Thursday night debate in Anchorage , only days at Tuesday 's election .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	A couple of days later I received five envelopes .	A couple of days time I received five envelopes .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Owen made no mistake , though , five minutes later , reacting a split second quicker than his markers after Taylor had made an excellent save to keep out Martins 's low drive .	Owen made no mistake , though , five minutes time , reacting a split second quicker than his markers after Taylor had made an excellent save to keep out Martins 's low drive .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He sustained massive head injuries and never regained consciousness , dying at Warrington Hospital two days later .	He sustained massive head injuries and never regained consciousness , dying at Warrington Hospital two days time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	This reporting of the incident took place at 1630 hours -LRB- 4 : 30 p.m. -RRB- , which quite possibly was after Ms. Bishop had already been released to her mother , '' he said .	This reporting of the incident took place before 1631 hours -LRB- 4 : 30 p.m. -RRB- , which quite possibly was after Ms. Bishop had already been released to her mother , '' he said .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Two years later , he won gold in Salt Lake City , Utah , at the 2002 Olympics .	Two years time , he won gold in Salt Lake City , Utah , at the 2002 Olympics .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	An SEC order against the firm claims hackers accessed customers ' accounts between July 2007 and early 2008 , and attempted to place more than 200 unauthorized trades worth more than $ 700,000 .	An SEC order against the firm claims hackers accessed customers ' accounts between june 2007 and early 2008 , and attempted to place more than 200 unauthorized trades worth more than $ 700,000 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	An SEC order against the firm claims hackers accessed customers ' accounts between July 2007 and early 2008 , and attempted to place more than 200 unauthorized trades worth more than $ 700,000 .	An SEC order against the firm claims hackers accessed customers ' accounts between august 2007 and early 2008 , and attempted to place more than 200 unauthorized trades worth more than $ 700,000 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	She launched her manifesto , but withdrew it little more than a week later to run for deputy , on a joint ticket with Alex Salmond .	She launched her manifesto , but withdrew it little more than a week time to run for deputy , on a joint ticket with Alex Salmond .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The crash happened on the B743 near Mossblown at about 0820 GMT and involved a Citroen Saxo and a Mercedes van . ''	The crash happened on the B743 near Mossblown before about 821 GMT and involved a Citroen Saxo and a Mercedes van . ''	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
entailment	()	()	()	()	Domestic final goods prices , which loosely track the consumer price index , fell 1.1 percent after November 's 1.9 percent drop .	Domestic final goods prices , which loosely track the consumer price index , fell 1.1 percent after december 's 1.9 percent drop .	#promptID#	after	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	Domestic final goods prices , which loosely track the consumer price index , fell 1.1 percent after November 's 1.9 percent drop .	Domestic final goods prices , which loosely track the consumer price index , fell 1.1 percent after october 's 1.9 percent drop .	#promptID#	after	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Domestic final goods prices , which loosely track the consumer price index , fell 1.1 percent after November 's 1.9 percent drop .	Domestic final goods prices , which loosely track the consumer price index , fell 1.1 percent at November 's 1.9 percent drop .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Mexican police detained five supected drug traffickers from the powerful La Familia cartel , after this week rounding up 27 officials suspected of links to the gang , the public security ministry said Friday .	Mexican police detained five supected drug traffickers from the powerful La Familia cartel , at this week rounding up 27 officials suspected of links to the gang , the public security ministry said Friday .	#promptID#	after	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	As a public figure Cameron acts with a Blair-like humour and verve , incomparably more at ease with the demands of the modern media than the awkward figures who led his party between 1997 and 2005 .	As a public figure Cameron acts with a Blair-like humour and verve , incomparably more at ease with the demands of the modern media than the awkward figures who led his party between 1996 and 2005 .	#promptID#	between	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
neutral	()	()	()	()	As a public figure Cameron acts with a Blair-like humour and verve , incomparably more at ease with the demands of the modern media than the awkward figures who led his party between 1997 and 2005 .	As a public figure Cameron acts with a Blair-like humour and verve , incomparably more at ease with the demands of the modern media than the awkward figures who led his party between 1998 and 2005 .	#promptID#	between	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral	neutral
contradiction	()	()	()	()	NASCAR suspended Mayfield on May 9 after failing a random drug test eight days earlier .	NASCAR suspended Mayfield on May 9 after failing a random drug test eight days time .	#promptID#	earlier	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	He began his career in the Royal Household in 1951 as a junior assistant joining the Queen Mother 's staff four years later .	He began his career in the Royal Household in 1951 as a junior assistant joining the Queen Mother 's staff four years time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	Because the defense bill and other agency appropriations were several months overdue , much of the government has been operating on continuing resolutions that held funding at 2009 levels .	Because the defense bill and other agency appropriations were several months overdue , much of the government has been operating on continuing resolutions that held funding before 2010 levels .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	Dickson , 22 , was born in Germany , and represented Scotland at the 2004 Under-19 World Cup before switching his international allegiance to England and being part of their Under-21 World Cup campaign a year later .	Dickson , 22 , was born in Germany , and represented Scotland at the 2004 Under-19 World Cup before switching his international allegiance to England and being part of their Under-21 World Cup campaign a year time .	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
entailment	()	()	()	()	The sailing to Dublin at 1530 BST has been cancelled as well as the Dublin to Manx crossing at 1915 BST .	The sailing to Dublin before 1531 BST has been cancelled as well as the Dublin to Manx crossing at 1915 BST .	#promptID#	at	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment	entailment
contradiction	()	()	()	()	, and signed a record contract the next year with Steve Sholes , the same R.C.A. producer who signed Elvis Presley three years later . ''	, and signed a record contract the next year with Steve Sholes , the same R.C.A. producer who signed Elvis Presley three years time . ''	#promptID#	later	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction
contradiction	()	()	()	()	No formal complaints have been lodged so far this year , and Howman said that many fears appeared to be voiced by athletes whose sports had not applied the rule before this year .	No formal complaints have been lodged so far this year , and Howman said that many fears appeared to be voiced by athletes whose sports had not applied the rule at this year .	#promptID#	before	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction	contradiction